# Google Workspace Labs Privacy Notice and Terms for Personal Accounts

Source: https://support.google.com/mail/answer/13447401

---

This notice and our [Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy) describe how Google Workspace Labs handles your data collected as you interact with Workspace Labs features. Please read them carefully.

### What data do we collect?

When you opt-in to Google Workspace Labs, you’ll get early access to generative AI features integrated within Workspace products like Gmail and Docs. When you opt-in to Workspace Labs, Google LLC (Google) collects your Workspace Labs Data, including the following:

- Your prompts
- User-provided input, such as highlighted text or explicitly referenced Workspace content provided as part of your prompt
- Google-selected input, which includes Workspace content, such as your docs and emails, that Google may automatically process to generate a document summary or to provide you with personalized generated content, for example
- Generated output
- Refinements to prompts, input, or generated output
- Feedback

Google also collects metrics on the usage of these features.

### How is that data used?

Google uses Workspace Labs Data and metrics to provide, improve, and develop products, services, and machine learning technologies across Google, including Google’s enterprise products. You can opt-out of Google Workspace Labs anytime.

Your Workspace Labs Data may also be read, rated, annotated, and reviewed by human reviewers for the purposes described above. For this reason, please do not include sensitive, confidential, or personal information that can be used to identify you or others in your prompts. We take steps to protect your privacy as part of this process. Importantly, where Google uses Google-selected input (as described above) to generate output, Google will aggregate and/or pseudonymize that content and resulting output before it is rated by human reviewers or used for product improvement and development of services and machine learning technologies, unless it is specifically provided as part of your feedback to Google.

Workspace Labs Data is stored in a manner that is not associated with your Google account and will be retained for 18 months. Copies of Workspace Labs Data that have been reviewed or annotated by human reviewers may be retained for up to 4 years.

## Terms of Service

You agree that your use of Google Workspace Labs is subject to the [Google Terms of Service](https://policies.google.com/terms).

Google Workspace Labs is an experimental technology and may sometimes display inaccurate or offensive information that doesn’t represent Google’s views. Don’t rely on responses generated by Workspace Labs features as medical, legal, financial, or other professional advice. You must be 18 years of age or older to participate in the Workspace Labs program.

If we believe violations of our terms have occurred, your account may be suspended from participation in Google Workspace Labs. If you think you have been incorrectly suspended, you can contact us at contact-workspace-labs@google.com. In order to provide more users the opportunity to join Workspace Labs, we reserve the right to terminate your participation in order to invite new users to join. Google reserves the right to modify or discontinue Google Workspace Labs features at any time.

## Related resource

- [Get started with Google Workspace Labs](13447104)