# Using the Intent Assistant to create new intents for advanced AI agents

Source: https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/8357756544410-Using-the-Intent-Assistant-to-create-new-intents-for-advanced-AI-agents

---

[What's my plan?](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/5411234991258-plan)

|  |  |
| --- | --- |
| **Add-on** | AI agents - Advanced |

Note: This article describes how intents are used in the [AI agents - Advanced add-on](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/8725042447002) only. For information about how intents are used in the [Copilot add-on](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/5524125586330), see [Automatically detecting customer intent, sentiment, and language](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/4550640560538).

The Intent Assistant helps you create new intents by generating a first set of expressions for a new Intent and you'll find Intent Assistant on the Content page in AI agents - Advanced Dashboard.

This enables you to add multiple expressions to an Intent within seconds, decreasing the time needed to create a robust expression list and launch the Intent.

The expressions are generated by a large language model based on the intent name and description and one or more example expressions you provide.

The generated expressions can fit very well to the intent you're creating or be somewhat off, depending on the description and the examples - as with everything with AI what you feed it for it to learn with be indicative of its success.

Be sure to review the generated expressions with care - do not hesitate to reject either some or all of them if they do not match what you foresee as being the ways users will communicate to trigger this Intent flow. Currently, the system doesn't check if the generated expressions overlap with other existing intents so pay extra attention to this for closely linked Intents.

The best way to get the results you're looking for is by trying out different variations of the description and examples iteratively.

|  |  |
| --- | --- |
| Screenshot | Screenshot |

Keep in mind that the model works based on the description you provide so you should write the description for the model detailing what the topic covers. The description will be saved as the description of the created intent but if it's not fit for that purpose, you can always change it later.