# 2021 - Procore

Source: https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/project-level/rfi/release-notes/2021

---

Below are the notable changes to the project's RFIs tool in 2021.

#### CREATE NEW CORRESPONDENCE ITEMS FROM EXISTING RFIS (08/23/2021)

Procore has added a feature that allows users with the appropriate permissions to create new correspondence items directly from an RFI. See [Create a Correspondence Item from an RFI](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/project-level/rfi/tutorials/create-a-correspondence-item-from-an-rfi "Create a Correspondence Item from an RFI"). By linking items between the project's Correspondence and RFIs tools, this feature helps improve efficiency and allows for greater traceability.

#### NEW PDF EXPORT OPTION TO INCLUDE RFI ATTACHMENTS (08/11/2021)

Procore has updated the options available when exporting an individual RFI to now include any or all attachments that were added to the RFI or its responses. If all attachments selected are PDFs, the export can combine the attachments (along with a Procore-generated summary PDF of the RFI) into one PDF file. Alternatively, the attachments (any combination of PDFs and other supported file formats) and the Procore-generated summary PDF can be exported as separate files in a .zip folder. See [Export an RFI](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/project-level/rfi/tutorials/export-an-rfi "Export an RFI to PDF").

#### UPDATES TO RFI 'RESPONSE ADDED' EMAIL CONFIGURATION (05/11/2021)

Procore has updated the 'Response Added' email configuration in the project's RFIs tool. When 'Response Added' emails are enabled and the ****Only Show Response to Standard and Read Only Users**** checkbox is marked (see [Configure Advanced Settings: RFIs](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/project-level/rfi/tutorials/configure-advanced-settings-rfis "Configure Advanced Settings: RFIs")), an RFI's creator who has 'Standard' level permissions on the tool will receive an email when a response on the RFI is marked 'Official' if the 'Creator' checkbox is marked in the ****RFI Emails**** table. **Note:** Other users with roles on the RFI will not receive an email when a response on the RFI is marked 'Official', even if checkboxes for their roles are marked in the ****RFI Emails**** table. See [When does the RFIs tool send email notifications?](https://support.procore.com/faq/when-does-the-rfis-tool-send-email-notifications "When does the RFIs tool send email notifications?")

#### REDESIGN FOR PDF EXPORTS OF RFIS (05/11/2021)

Procore has updated the design of PDF exports for items from the project's RFIs tool. See [Export an RFI to PDF](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/project-level/rfi/tutorials/export-an-rfi "Export an RFI to PDF").

#### 'SUB JOB' ADDED AS A CONFIGURABLE FIELD ON CONFIGURABLE FIELDSETS FOR RFIS (03/18/2021)

When creating or updating configurable fieldsets for the project's RFIs tool, users with the appropriate permissions on the Company level Admin tool can now choose to make the ****Sub Job**** field hidden or visible to users who create an RFI in one or more projects. See [Create New Configurable Fieldsets](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/company-level/admin/tutorials/create-new-configurable-fieldsets "Create New Configurable Fieldsets") and [Which fields in the RFIs tool can be configured as required, optional, or hidden?](https://support.procore.com/faq/which-fields-in-the-rfis-tool-can-be-configured-as-required-optional-or-hidden "Which fields in the RFIs tool can be configured as required, optional, or hidden?")

#### UPDATES TO GRANULAR PERMISSION TO VIEW PRIVATE RFIS ASSOCIATED TO USERS WITHIN SAME COMPANY (03/16/2021)

Procore has updated the existing 'View Private RFIs Associated to Users within Same Company' granular permission. Users with this granular permission enabled on their permissions template can now view 'Draft' RFIs that are marked as 'Private' and are associated to users within their company (including them). See [Grant Granular Permissions in a Project Permissions Template](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/company-level/permissions/tutorials/grant-granular-permissions-in-a-project-permissions-template "Grant Granular Permissions in a Project Permissions Template") and [View RFIs](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/project-level/rfi/tutorials/view-rfis "View RFIs").

#### COLUMNS ADDED TO RFIS LIST WITH SUPPORTED CUSTOM FIELDS (03/12/2021)

Users can now show, hide, or rearrange columns on the project's RFIs list with data from custom fields (excluding 'Rich Text (Long)' and 'Read Only Entry' custom fields). Additionally, columns with data from 'Number', 'Date', 'Checkbox', and 'Plain Text (Short)' custom fields can be used to sort the RFIs list. See [Search for and Filter RFIs](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/project-level/rfi/tutorials/search-for-and-filter-rfis "Search for and Filter RFIs"). Note that columns for custom fields are hidden by default. See [Customize the Column Display in the RFIs Tool](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/project-level/rfi/tutorials/customize-the-column-display-in-the-rfis-tools "Customize the Column Display in the RFIs Tool") for information about showing, hiding, and rearranging columns in the RFIs list.

#### CREATE CUSTOM FIELDS AND CUSTOM SECTIONS FOR RFIS IN THE COMPANY LEVEL ADMIN TOOL (02/22/2021)

Procore has added the ability to create custom fields in the Company level Admin tool for the project's RFIs tool. These custom fields function like other fields in Procore and can be included in reports in the Company and Project level Reports tools. See [Create New Custom Fields](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/company-level/admin/tutorials/create-new-custom-fields "Create New Custom Fields"). In addition to custom fields, Procore has added the ability to create custom sections for the project's RFIs tool. Custom sections allow you to group custom fields together in one or more separate, user-defined sections. Custom sections are displayed below an RFI's 'General Information' section. See [Create Custom Sections](https://support.procore.com/products/online/user-guide/company-level/admin/tutorials/create-custom-sections "Create Custom Sections").