# Instance identity documents for Amazon EC2 instances

Source: apps/user-manuals/aws/ec2-ug.pdf

---

}
5. (Optional) Elevate your terminal permissions for the remaining steps with the following command: sudo -s
6. Use the following commands to store the previously gathered address space:
VMGN_ADDR=0xFED01000
7. Use the following command to iterate through the address space and build the virtual machine generation identifier: for offset in 0x0 0x4 0x8 0xc; do busybox devmem $(($VMGN_ADDR + $offset)) | sed 's/0x//' | sed -z '$ s/\n$//' >> vmgenid; done
8. Retrieve the virtual machine generation identifier from the output file with the following command: cat vmgenid ; echo Your output should be similar to the following:
EC2F335D979132C4165896753E72BD1C Example: Retrieve the virtual machine generation identifier from Windows You can create a sample application to retrieve the virtual machine generation identifier from your instances running Windows. For more information, see Obtaining the virtual machine generation identifier in the Microsoft documentation.
# Instance identity documents for Amazon EC2 instances Each instance that you launch has an instance identity document that provides information about the instance itself. You can use the instance identity document to validate the attributes of the instance.

The instance identity document is generated when the instance is stopped and started, restarted, or launched. You can access the instance identity document for an instance through the Instance Metadata Service (IMDS). For the instructions, see Retrieve the instance identity document.
The instance identity document uses plaintext JSON format. It includes the following information.
Data Description accountId The ID of the AWS account that launched the instance. architecture The architecture of the AMI used to launch the instance (i386 | x86_64 | arm64). availabil ityZone The name of the Availability Zone in which the instance is running.
For example, us-east-1 . Keep in mind that Availability Zone names might differ across AWS accounts. billingProducts The billing products of the instance. devpayPro ductCodes Deprecated. imageId The ID of the AMI used to launch the instance. instanceId The ID of the instance. instanceType The instance type of the instance. kernelId The ID of the kernel associated with the instance, if applicable. marketpla ceProductCodes The AWS Marketplace product code of the AMI used to launch the instance. pendingTime The date and time that the instance was launched. privateIp The private IP address of the instance. For IPv4-only and dual-stack instances, this contains the IPv4 address. For IPv6-only instances, this contains the IPv6 address. ramdiskId The ID of the RAM disk associated with the instance, if applicable.

Data Description region The Region in which the instance is running. version The version of the instance identity document format.
## Retrieve the instance identity document for an EC2 instance The instance identity document for an Amazon EC2 instance uses a plaintext JSON format. For a description of the contents of an instance identity document, see the section called "Instance identity documents".
The instance identity document is stored in the instance metadata for the instance, in the instance-identity/document dynamic data category. You access the instance identity document for an instance by connecting to the instance and retrieving it from the instance metadata.
You can access instance metadata using the IPv4 address 169.254.169.254 or the IPv6 address fd00:ec2::254. These are Link-local addresses, meaning that you can access them only from the instance. The examples on this page use the IPv4 address of the IMDS: 169.254.169.254. To retrieve instance metadata for EC2 instances over IPv6, use fd00:ec2::254.
To verify the authenticity of an instance identity document after you retrieve it, see Verify instance identity document.
IMDSv2 Linux Run the following command from your Linux instance to retrieve the instance identity document.
TOKEN=`curl -X PUT "http://169.254.169.254/latest/api/token" -H "X-aws-ec2-metadata- token-ttl-seconds: 21600"` \ && curl -H "X-aws-ec2-metadata-token: $TOKEN" http://169.254.169.254/latest/ dynamic/instance-identity/document Windows

Run the following cmdlet from your Windows instance to retrieve the instance identity document.
[string]$token = (Invoke-WebRequest -Headers @{'X-aws-ec2-metadata-token-ttl- seconds' = '21600'} `
    -Method PUT -Uri 'http://169.254.169.254/latest/api/token' - UseBasicParsing).Content (Invoke-WebRequest -Headers @{'X-aws-ec2-metadata-token' = $token} `
    -Uri 'http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/document' - UseBasicParsing).Content IMDSv1 Linux Run the following command from your Linux instance to retrieve the instance identity document. curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/document Windows Run the following cmdlet from your Windows instance to retrieve the instance identity document.
(Invoke-WebRequest http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/ document).Content The following is example output.
{ "devpayProductCodes" : null, "marketplaceProductCodes" : [ "1abc2defghijklm3nopqrs4tu" ], "availabilityZone" : "us-west-2b", "privateIp" : "10.158.112.84", "version" : "2017-09-30", "instanceId" : "i-1234567890abcdef0", "billingProducts" : null, "instanceType" : "t2.micro",

    "accountId" : "123456789012", "imageId" : "ami-5fb8c835", "pendingTime" : "2016-11-19T16:32:11Z", "architecture" : "x86_64", "kernelId" : null, "ramdiskId" : null, "region" : "us-west-2"
}
## Verify the instance identity document for an Amazon EC2 instance If you intend to use the contents of the instance identity document for an important purpose, you should verify its contents and authenticity before using it.
The plaintext instance identity document is accompanied by three hashed and encrypted signatures. You can use these signatures to verify the origin and authenticity of the instance identity document and the information that it includes. The following signatures are provided:
- Base64-encoded signature—This is a base64-encoded SHA256 hash of the instance identity document that is encrypted using an RSA key pair.
- PKCS7 signature—This is a SHA1 hash of the instance identity document that is encrypted using a DSA key pair.
- RSA-2048 signature—This is a SHA256 hash of the instance identity document that is encrypted using an RSA-2048 key pair.
Each signature is available at a different endpoint in the instance metadata. You can use any one of these signatures depending on your hashing and encryption requirements. To verify the signatures, you must use the corresponding AWS public certificate.
Options
- Option 1: Verify instance identity document using the PKCS7 signature
- Option 2: Verify instance identity document using the base64-encoded signature
- Option 3: Verify instance identity document using the RSA-2048 signature
### Option 1: Verify instance identity document using the PKCS7 signature This topic explains how to verify the instance identity document using the PKCS7 signature and the AWS DSA public certificate.

#### Linux instances To verify the instance identity document using the PKCS7 signature and the AWS DSA public certificate
1. Connect to the instance.
2. Retrieve the PKCS7 signature from the instance metadata and add it to a new file named pkcs7 along with the required header and footer. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.
IMDSv2 $ echo "-----BEGIN PKCS7-----" >> pkcs7 \ && TOKEN=`curl -X PUT "http://169.254.169.254/latest/api/token" -H "X-aws-ec2- metadata-token-ttl-seconds: 21600"` \ && curl -H "X-aws-ec2-metadata-token: $TOKEN" http://169.254.169.254/latest/ dynamic/instance-identity/pkcs7 >> pkcs7 \ && echo "" >> pkcs7 \ && echo "-----END PKCS7-----" >> pkcs7 IMDSv1 $ echo "-----BEGIN PKCS7-----" >> pkcs7 \ && curl -s http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/pkcs7
 >> pkcs7 \ && echo "" >> pkcs7 \ && echo "-----END PKCS7-----" >> pkcs7
3. Find the DSA public certificate for your Region in AWS public certificates for instance identity document signatures and add the contents to a new file named certificate.
4. Use the OpenSSL smime command to verify the signature. Include the -verify option to indicate that the signature needs to be verified, and the -noverify option to indicate that the certificate does not need to be verified.
$ openssl smime -verify -in pkcs7 -inform PEM -certfile certificate -noverify | tee document If the signature is valid, the Verification successful message appears.

The command also writes the contents of the instance identity document to a new file named document. You can compare the contents of the of the instance identity document from the instance metadata with the contents of this file using the following commands.
$ openssl dgst -sha256 < document $ curl -s -H "X-aws-ec2-metadata-token: $TOKEN" http://169.254.169.254/latest/ dynamic/instance-identity/document | openssl dgst -sha256 If the signature cannot be verified, contact Support.
#### Windows instances Prerequisites This procedure requires the System.Security Microsoft .NET Core class. To add the class to your PowerShell session, run the following command.
PS C:\> Add-Type -AssemblyName System.Security Note The command adds the class to the current PowerShell session only. If you start a new session, you must run the command again.
To verify the instance identity document using the PKCS7 signature and the AWS DSA public certificate
1. Connect to the instance.
2. Retrieve the PKCS7 signature from the instance metadata, convert it to a byte array, and add it to a variable named $Signature. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.

IMDSv2 PS C:\> [string]$token = (Invoke-WebRequest -Method Put -Headers @{'X-aws-ec2- metadata-token-ttl-seconds' = '21600'} -Uri http://169.254.169.254/latest/api/ token).Content PS C:\> $Signature = [Convert]::FromBase64String((Invoke-WebRequest -Headers @{'X-aws-ec2-metadata-token' = $Token} -Uri http://169.254.169.254/latest/ dynamic/instance-identity/pkcs7).Content)
IMDSv1 PS C:\> $Signature = [Convert]::FromBase64String((Invoke-WebRequest -Uri http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/pkcs7).Content)
3. Retrieve the plaintext instance identity document from the instance metadata, convert it to a byte array, and add it to a variable named $Document. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.
IMDSv2 PS C:\> $Document = [Text.Encoding]::UTF8.GetBytes((Invoke-WebRequest -Headers @{'X-aws-ec2-metadata-token' = $Token} -Uri http://169.254.169.254/latest/ dynamic/instance-identity/document).Content)
IMDSv1 PS C:\> $Document =  [Text.Encoding]::UTF8.GetBytes((Invoke-WebRequest http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/document).Content)
4. Find the DSA public certificate for your Region in AWS public certificates for instance identity document signatures and add the contents to a new file named certificate.pem.
5. Extract the certificate from the certificate file and store it in a variable named $Store.
PS C:\> $Store = [Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509Certificate2Collection]::new([Security.Cryptog Path certificate.pem)))
6. Verify the signature.

PS C:\> $SignatureDocument = [Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.SignedCms]::new()
PS C:\> $SignatureDocument.Decode($Signature)
PS C:\> $SignatureDocument.CheckSignature($Store, $true)
If the signature is valid, the command returns no output. If the signature cannot be verified, the command returns Exception calling "CheckSignature" with "2" argument(s): "Cannot find the original signer. If your signature cannot be verified, contact AWS Support.
7. Validate the content of the instance identity document.
PS C:
\> [Linq.Enumerable]::SequenceEqual($SignatureDocument.ContentInfo.Content, $Document)
If the content of the instance identity document is valid, the command returns True. If instance identity document can't be validated, contact AWS Support.
### Option 2: Verify instance identity document using the base64-encoded signature This topic explains how to verify the instance identity document using the base64-encoded signature and the AWS RSA public certificate.
#### Linux instances To validate the instance identity document using the base64-encoded signature and the AWS RSA public certificate
1. Connect to the instance.
2. Retrieve the base64-encoded signature from the instance metadata, convert it to binary, and add it to a file named signature. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.

IMDSv2 $ TOKEN=`curl -X PUT "http://169.254.169.254/latest/api/token" -H "X-aws-ec2- metadata-token-ttl-seconds: 21600"` \ && curl -H "X-aws-ec2-metadata-token: $TOKEN" http://169.254.169.254/latest/ dynamic/instance-identity/signature | base64 -d >> signature IMDSv1 $ curl -s http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/signature | base64 -d >> signature
3. Retrieve the plaintext instance identity document from the instance metadata and add it to a file named document. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.
IMDSv2 $ TOKEN=`curl -X PUT "http://169.254.169.254/latest/api/token" -H "X-aws-ec2- metadata-token-ttl-seconds: 21600"` \ && curl -H "X-aws-ec2-metadata-token: $TOKEN" http://169.254.169.254/latest/ dynamic/instance-identity/document >> document IMDSv1 $ curl -s http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/document
 >> document
4. Find the RSA public certificate for your Region in AWS public certificates for instance identity document signatures and add the contents to a new file named certificate.
5. Extract the public key from the AWS RSA public certificate and save it to a file named key.
$ openssl x509 -pubkey -noout -in certificate >> key
6. Use OpenSSL dgst command to verify the instance identity document.
$ openssl dgst -sha256 -verify key -signature signature document If the signature is valid, the Verification successful message appears.

The command also writes the contents of the instance identity document to a new file named document. You can compare the contents of the of the instance identity document from the instance metadata with the contents of this file using the following commands.
$ openssl dgst -sha256 < document $ curl -s -H "X-aws-ec2-metadata-token: $TOKEN" http://169.254.169.254/latest/ dynamic/instance-identity/document | openssl dgst -sha256 If the signature cannot be verified, contact Support.
#### Windows instances To validate the instance identity document using the base64-encoded signature and the AWS RSA public certificate
1. Connect to the instance.
2. Retrieve the base64-encoded signature from the instance metadata, convert it to a byte array, and add it to variable named $Signature. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.
IMDSv2 PS C:\> [string]$token = (Invoke-WebRequest -Method Put -Headers @{'X-aws- ec2-metadata-token-ttl-seconds' = '21600'} http://169.254.169.254/latest/api/ token).Content PS C:\> $Signature = [Convert]::FromBase64String((Invoke-WebRequest -Headers @{'X-aws-ec2-metadata-token' = $Token} http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/ instance-identity/signature).Content)
IMDSv1 PS C:\> $Signature = [Convert]::FromBase64String((Invoke-WebRequest http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/signature).Content)

3. Retrieve the plaintext instance identity document from the instance metadata, convert it to a byte array, and add it to a variable named $Document. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.
IMDSv2 PS C:\> $Document = [Text.Encoding]::UTF8.GetBytes((Invoke-WebRequest -Headers @{'X-aws-ec2-metadata-token' = $Token} http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/ instance-identity/document).Content)
IMDSv1 PS C:\> $Document =  [Text.Encoding]::UTF8.GetBytes((Invoke-WebRequest http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/document).Content)
4. Find the RSA public certificate for your Region in AWS public certificates for instance identity document signatures and add the contents to a new file named certificate.pem.
5. Verify the instance identity document.
PS C:\> [Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509Certificate2]::new((Resolve- Path certificate.pem)).PublicKey.Key.VerifyData($Document, 'SHA256', $Signature)
If the signature is valid, the command returns True. If the signature cannot be verified, contact Support.
### Option 3: Verify instance identity document using the RSA-2048 signature This topic explains how to verify the instance identity document using the RSA-2048 signature and the AWS RSA-2048 public certificate.
#### Linux instances To verify the instance identity document using the RSA-2048 signature and the AWS RSA-2048 public certificate
1. Connect to the instance.
2. Retrieve the RSA-2048 signature from the instance metadata and add it to a file named rsa2048 along the required header and footer. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.

IMDSv2 $ echo "-----BEGIN PKCS7-----" >> rsa2048 \ && TOKEN=`curl -X PUT "http://169.254.169.254/latest/api/token" -H "X-aws-ec2- metadata-token-ttl-seconds: 21600"` \ && curl -H "X-aws-ec2-metadata-token: $TOKEN" http://169.254.169.254/latest/ dynamic/instance-identity/rsa2048 >> rsa2048 \ && echo "" >> rsa2048 \ && echo "-----END PKCS7-----" >> rsa2048 IMDSv1 $ echo "-----BEGIN PKCS7-----" >> rsa2048 \ && curl -s http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/rsa2048
 >> rsa2048 \ && echo "" >> rsa2048 \ && echo "-----END PKCS7-----" >> rsa2048
3. Find the RSA-2048 public certificate for your Region in AWS public certificates for instance identity document signatures and add the contents to a new file named certificate.
4. Use the OpenSSL smime command to verify the signature. Include the -verify option to indicate that the signature needs to be verified, and the -noverify option to indicate that the certificate does not need to be verified.
$ openssl smime -verify -in rsa2048 -inform PEM -certfile certificate -noverify | tee document If the signature is valid, the Verification successful message appears. If the signature cannot be verified, contact Support.
#### Windows instances Prerequisites This procedure requires the System.Security Microsoft .NET Core class. To add the class to your PowerShell session, run the following command.
PS C:\> Add-Type -AssemblyName System.Security

Note The command adds the class to the current PowerShell session only. If you start a new session, you must run the command again.
To verify the instance identity document using the RSA-2048 signature and the AWS RSA-2048 public certificate
1. Connect to the instance.
2. Retrieve the RSA-2048 signature from the instance metadata, convert it to a byte array, and add it to a variable named $Signature. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.
IMDSv2 PS C:\> [string]$token = (Invoke-WebRequest -Method Put -Headers @{'X-aws- ec2-metadata-token-ttl-seconds' = '21600'} http://169.254.169.254/latest/api/ token).Content PS C:\> $Signature = [Convert]::FromBase64String((Invoke-WebRequest -Headers @{'X-aws-ec2-metadata-token' = $Token} http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/ instance-identity/rsa2048).Content)
IMDSv1 PS C:\> $Signature = [Convert]::FromBase64String((Invoke-WebRequest http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/rsa2048).Content)
3. Retrieve the plaintext instance identity document from the instance metadata, convert it to a byte array, and add it to a variable named $Document. Use one of the following commands depending on the IMDS version used by the instance.
IMDSv2 PS C:\> $Document = [Text.Encoding]::UTF8.GetBytes((Invoke-WebRequest -Headers @{'X-aws-ec2-metadata-token' = $Token} http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/ instance-identity/document).Content)

IMDSv1 PS C:\> $Document =  [Text.Encoding]::UTF8.GetBytes((Invoke-WebRequest http://169.254.169.254/latest/dynamic/instance-identity/document).Content)
4. Find the RSA-2048 public certificate for your Region in AWS public certificates for instance identity document signatures and add the contents to a new file named certificate.pem.
5. Extract the certificate from the certificate file and store it in a variable named $Store.
PS C:\> $Store = [Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509Certificate2Collection]::new([Security.Cryptog Path certificate.pem)))
6. Verify the signature.
PS C:\> $SignatureDocument = [Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.SignedCms]::new()
PS C:\> $SignatureDocument.Decode($Signature)
PS C:\> $SignatureDocument.CheckSignature($Store, $true)
If the signature is valid, the command returns no output. If the signature cannot be verified, the command returns Exception calling "CheckSignature" with "2" argument(s): "Cannot find the original signer. If your signature cannot be verified, contact AWS Support.
7. Validate the content of the instance identity document.
PS C:
\> [Linq.Enumerable]::SequenceEqual($SignatureDocument.ContentInfo.Content, $Document)
If the content of the instance identity document is valid, the command returns True. If instance identity document can't be validated, contact AWS Support.

## AWS public certificates for instance identity document signatures The following AWS public certificates can be used to verify the contents of an instance's instance identity document as described in Verify instance identity document.
Ensure that you use the correct certificate for your Region and for the verification procedure that you're using. If you're verifying the PKCS7 signature, use the DSA certificate. If you're verifying the base64-encoded signature, use the RSA certificate. If you're verifying the RSA-2048 signature, use the RSA-2048 certificate.
Expand each Region below to view the Region-specific certificates.
### US East (N. Virginia) — us-east-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUE1y2NIKCU+Rg4uu4u32koG9QEYIwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE3MzQwMVoXDTI5MDQyODE3MzQwMVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx

GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUE1y2NIKC U+Rg4uu4u32koG9QEYIwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQAlxSmwcWnhT4uAeSinJuz+1BTcKhVSWb5jT8pYjQb8ZoZkXXRGb09mvYeU NeqOBr27rvRAnaQ/9LUQf72+SahDFuS4CMI8nwowytqbmwquqFr4dxA/SDADyRiF ea1UoMuNHTY49J/1vPomqsVn7mugTp+TbjqCfOJTpu0temHcFA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJALFpzEAVWaQZMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTA4MTQw ODU5MTJaGA8yMTk1MDExNzA4NTkxMlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAjS2vqZu9mEOhOq+0bRpAbCUiapbZMFNQqRg7kTlr7Cf+gDqXKpHPjsng SfNz+JHQd8WPI+pmNs+q0Z2aTe23klmf2U52KH9/j1k8RlIbap/yFibFTSedmegX E5r447GbJRsHUmuIIfZTZ/oRlpuIIO5/Vz7SOj22tdkdY2ADp7caZkNxhSP915fk 2jJMTBUOzyXUS2rBU/ulNHbTTeePjcEkvzVYPahD30TeQ+/A+uWUu89bHSQOJR8h Um4cFApzZgN3aD5j2LrSMu2pctkQwf9CaWyVznqrsGYjYOY66LuFzSCXwqSnFBfv fFBAFsjCgY24G2DoMyYkF3MyZlu+rwIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQUrynSPp4uqSECwy+PiO4qyJ8TWSkwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AUrynS Pp4uqSECwy+PiO4qyJ8TWSmhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJALFpzEAVWaQZMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBADW/s8lXijwdP6NkEoH1m9XLrvK4YTqkNfR6 er/uRRgTx2QjFcMNrx+g87gAml11z+D0crAZ5LbEhDMs+JtZYR3ty0HkDk6SJM85 haoJNAFF7EQ/zCp1EJRIkLLsC7bcDL/Eriv1swt78/BB4RnC9W9kSp/sxd5svJMg N9a6FAplpNRsWAnbP8JBlAP93oJzblX2LQXgykTghMkQO7NaY5hg/H5o4dMPclTK lYGqlFUCH6A2vdrxmpKDLmTn5//5pujdD2MN0df6sZWtxwZ0osljV4rDjm9Q3VpA NWIsDEcp3GUB4proOR+C7PNkY+VGODitBOw09qBGosCBstwyEqY= -----END CERTIFICATE-----

### US East (Ohio) — us-east-2 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUVJTc+hOU+8Gk3JlqsX438Dk5c58wDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE3MTE0OVoXDTI5MDQyODE3MTE0OVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUVJTc+hOU +8Gk3JlqsX438Dk5c58wEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQAywJQaVNWJqW0R0T0xVOSoN1GLk9x9kKEuN67RN9CLin4dA97qa7Mr5W4P FZ6vnh5CjOhQBRXV9xJUeYSdqVItNAUFK/fEzDdjf1nUfPlQ3OJ49u6CV01NoJ9m usvY9kWcV46dqn2bk2MyfTTgvmeqP8fiMRPxxnVRkSzlldP5Fg==

-----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAM07oeX4xevdMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNjA2MTAx MjU4MThaGA8yMTk1MTExNDEyNTgxOFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA6v6kGMnRmFDLxBEqXzP4npnL65OO0kmQ7w8YXQygSdmNIoScGSU5wfh9 mZdcvCxCdxgALFsFqPvH8fqiE9ttI0fEfuZvHOs8wUsIdKr0Zz0MjSx3cik4tKET ch0EKfMnzKOgDBavraCDeX1rUDU0Rg7HFqNAOry3uqDmnqtk00XC9GenS3z/7ebJ fIBEPAam5oYMVFpX6M6St77WdNE8wEU8SuerQughiMVx9kMB07imeVHBiELbMQ0N lwSWRL/61fA02keGSTfSp/0m3u+lesf2VwVFhqIJs+JbsEscPxOkIRlzy8mGd/JV ONb/DQpTedzUKLgXbw7KtO3HTG9iXQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQU2CTGYE5fTjx7gQXzdZSGPEWAJY4wgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AU2CTG YE5fTjx7gQXzdZSGPEWAJY6hYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAM07oeX4xevdMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBANdqkIpVypr2PveqUsAKke1wKCOSuw1UmH9k xX1/VRoHbrI/UznrXtPQOPMmHA2LKSTedwsJuorUn3cFH6qNs8ixBDrl8pZwfKOY IBJcTFBbI1xBEFkZoO3wczzo5+8vPQ60RVqAaYb+iCa1HFJpccC3Ovajfa4GRdNb n6FYnluIcDbmpcQePoVQwX7W3oOYLB1QLN7fE6H1j4TBIsFdO3OuKzmaifQlwLYt DVxVCNDabpOr6Uozd5ASm4ihPPoEoKo7Ilp0fOT6fZ41U2xWA4+HF/89UoygZSo7 K+cQ90xGxJ+gmlYbLFR5rbJOLfjrgDAb2ogbFy8LzHo2ZtSe60M= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### US West (N. California) — us-west-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P

hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUK2zmY9PUSTR7rc1k2OwPYu4+g7wwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE3MDI0M1oXDTI5MDQyODE3MDI0M1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUK2zmY9PU STR7rc1k2OwPYu4+g7wwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQA1Ng4QmN4n7iPh5CnadSOc0ZfM7by0dBePwZJyGvOHdaw6P6E/vEk76KsC Q8p+akuzVzVPkU4kBK/TRqLp19wEWoVwhhTaxHjQ1tTRHqXIVlrkw4JrtFbeNM21 GlkSLonuzmNZdivn9WuQYeGe7nUD4w3q9GgiF3CPorJe+UxtbA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJANNPkIpcyEtIMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTEwMjkw OTAzMDdaGA8yMTk1MDQwMzA5MDMwN1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEApHQGvHvq3SVCzDrC7575BW7GWLzcj8CLqYcL3YY7Jffupz7OjcftO57Z 4fo5Pj0CaS8DtPzh8+8vdwUSMbiJ6cDd3ooio3MnCq6DwzmsY+pY7CiI3UVG7KcH

4TriDqr1Iii7nB5MiPJ8wTeAqX89T3SYaf6Vo+4GCb3LCDGvnkZ9TrGcz2CHkJsj AIGwgopFpwhIjVYm7obmuIxSIUv+oNH0wXgDL029Zd98SnIYQd/njiqkzE+lvXgk 4h4Tu17xZIKBgFcTtWPky+POGu81DYFqiWVEyR2JKKm2/iR1dL1YsT39kbNg47xY aR129sS4nB5Vw3TRQA2jL0ToTIxzhQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQUgepyiONs8j+q67dmcWu+mKKDa+gwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AUgepy iONs8j+q67dmcWu+mKKDa+ihYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJANNPkIpcyEtIMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAGLFWyutf1u0xcAc+kmnMPqtc/Q6b79VIX0E tNoKMI2KR8lcV8ZElXDb0NC6v8UeLpe1WBKjaWQtEjL1ifKg9hdY9RJj4RXIDSK7 33qCQ8juF4vep2U5TTBd6hfWxt1Izi88xudjixmbpUU4YKr8UPbmixldYR+BEx0u B1KJi9l1lxvuc/Igy/xeHOAZEjAXzVvHp8Bne33VVwMiMxWECZCiJxE4I7+Y6fqJ pLLSFFJKbNaFyXlDiJ3kXyePEZSc1xiWeyRB2ZbTi5eu7vMG4i3AYWuFVLthaBgu lPfHafJpj/JDcqt2vKUKfur5edQ6j1CGdxqqjawhOTEqcN8m7us= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### US West (Oregon) — us-west-2 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----

MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUFx8PxCkbHwpD31bOyCtyz3GclbgwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE3MjM1OVoXDTI5MDQyODE3MjM1OVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUFx8PxCkb HwpD31bOyCtyz3GclbgwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQBzOl+9Xy1+UsbUBI95HO9mbbdnuX+aMJXgG9uFZNjgNEbMcvx+h8P9IMko z7PzFdheQQ1NLjsHH9mSR1SyC4m9ja6BsejH5nLBWyCdjfdP3muZM4O5+r7vUa1O dWU+hP/T7DUrPAIVMOE7mpYa+WPWJrN6BlRwQkKQ7twm9kDalA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJALZL3lrQCSTMMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTA4MTQw OTAxMzJaGA8yMTk1MDExNzA5MDEzMlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA02Y59qtAA0a6uzo7nEQcnJ26OKF+LRPwZfixBH+EbEN/Fx0gYy1jpjCP s5+VRNg6/WbfqAsV6X2VSjUKN59ZMnMY9ALA/Ipz0n00Huxj38EBZmX/NdNqKm7C qWu1q5kmIvYjKGiadfboU8wLwLcHo8ywvfgI6FiGGsEO9VMC56E/hL6Cohko11LW dizyvRcvg/IidazVkJQCN/4zC9PUOVyKdhW33jXy8BTg/QH927QuNk+ZzD7HH//y tIYxDhR6TIZsSnRjz3bOcEHxt1nsidc65mY0ejQty4hy7ioSiapw316mdbtE+RTN fcH9FPIFKQNBpiqfAW5Ebp3Lal3/+wIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQU7coQx8Qnd75qA9XotSWT3IhvJmowgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AU7coQ x8Qnd75qA9XotSWT3IhvJmqhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJALZL3lrQCSTMMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAFZ1e2MnzRaXCaLwEC1pW/f0oRG8nHrlPZ9W OYZEWbh+QanRgaikBNDtVTwARQcZm3z+HWSkaIx3cyb6vM0DSkZuiwzm1LJ9rDPc aBm03SEt5v8mcc7sXWvgFjCnUpzosmky6JheCD4O1Cf8k0olZ93FQnTrbg62OK0h 83mGCDeVKU3hLH97FYoUq+3N/IliWFDhvibAYYKFJydZLhIdlCiiB99AM6Sg53rm oukS3csyUxZyTU2hQfdjyo1nqW9yhvFAKjnnggiwxNKTTPZzstKW8+cnYwiiTwJN

QpVoZdt0SfbuNnmwRUMi+QbuccXweav29QeQ3ADqjgB0CZdSRKk= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Africa (Cape Town) — af-south-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7DCCAqwCCQCncbCtQbjuyzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xOTA2MDQxMjQ4MDVaFw00 NTA2MDQxMjQ4MDVaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbYwggErBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHgKBgQC12Nr1gMrHcFSZ7S/A pQBSCMHWmn2qeoQTMVWqe50fnTd0zGFxDdIjKxUK58/8zjWG5uR4TXRzmZpGpmXB bSufAR6BGqud2LnT/HIWGJAsnX2uOtSyNfCoJigqwhea5w+CqZ6I7iBDdnB4TtTw qO6TlnExHFVj8LMkylZgiaE1CQIVAIhdobse4K0QnbAhCL6R2euQzloXAoGAV/21 WUuMz/79Ga0JvQcz1FNy1sT0pU9rU4TenqLQIt5iccn/7EIfNtvVO5TZKulIKq7J gXZr0x/KIT8zsNweetLOaGehPIYRMPX0vunMMR7hN7qA7W17WZv/76adywIsnDKq ekfe15jinaX8MsKUdyDK7Y+ifCG4PVhoM4+W2XwDgYQAAoGAIxOKbVgwLxbn6Pi2 6hBOihFv16jKxAQI0hHzXJLV0Vyv9QwnqjJJRfOCy3dB0zicLXiIxeIdYfvqJr+u hlN8rGxEZYYJjEUKMGvsc0DW85jonXz0bNfcP0aaKH0lKKVjL+OZi5n2kn9wgdo5 F3CVnMl8BUra8A1Tr2yrrE6TVZ4wCQYHKoZIzjgEAwMvADAsAhQfa7MCJZ+/TEY5 AUr0J4wm8VzjoAIUSYZVu2NdRJ/ERPmDfhW5EsjHlCA= -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICNjCCAZ+gAwIBAgIJAKumfZiRrNvHMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xOTExMjcw NzE0MDVaGA8yMTk5MDUwMjA3MTQwNVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUAA4GNADCBiQKB gQDFd571nUzVtke3rPyRkYfvs3jh0C0EMzzG72boyUNjnfw1+m0TeFraTLKb9T6F 7TuB/ZEN+vmlYqr2+5Va8U8qLbPF0bRH+FdaKjhgWZdYXxGzQzU3ioy5W5ZM1VyB 7iUsxEAlxsybC3ziPYaHI42UiTkQNahmoroNeqVyHNnBpQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3 DQEBCwUAA4GBAAJLylWyElEgOpW4B1XPyRVD4pAds8Guw2+krgqkY0HxLCdjosuH RytGDGN+q75aAoXzW5a7SGpxLxk6Hfv0xp3RjDHsoeP0i1d8MD3hAC5ezxS4oukK s5gbPOnokhKTMPXbTdRn5ZifCbWlx+bYN/mTYKvxho7b5SVg2o1La9aK -----END CERTIFICATE-----

RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAIFI+O5A6/ZIMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xOTA2MDQx MjQ4MDRaGA8yMTk4MTEwNzEyNDgwNFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAy7/WHBBHOrk+20aumT07g8rxrSM0UXgki3eYgKauPCG4Xx//vwQbuZwI oeVmR9nqnhfij2wOcQdbLandh0EGtbxerete3IoXzd1KXJb11PVmzrzyu5SPBPuP iCeV4qdjjkXo2YWM6t9YQ911hcG96YSp89TBXFYUh3KLxfqAdTVhuC0NRGhXpyii j/czo9njofHhqhTr7UEyPun8NVS2QWctLQ86N5zWR3Q0GRoVqqMrJs0cowHTrVw2 9Qr7QBjjBOVbyYmtYxm/DtiKprYV/e6bCAVok015X1sZDd3oCOQNoGlv5XbHJe2o JFD8GRRy2rkWO/lNwVFDcwec6zC3QwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQCE goqzjpCpmMgCpszFHwvRaSMbspKtK7wNImUjrSBOfBJsfFulyg1Zgn2nDCK7kQhx jMJmNIvXbps3yMqQ2cHUkKcKf5t+WldfeT4Vk1Rz6HSA8sd0kgVcIesIaoy2aaXU VEB/oQziRGyKdN1d4TGYVZXG44CkrzSDvlbmfiTq5tL+kAieznVF3bzHgPZW6hKP EXC3G/IXrXicFEe6YyE1Rakl62VncYSXiGe/i2XvsiNH3Qlmnx5XS7W0SCN0oAxW EH9twibauv82DVg1WOkQu8EwFw8hFde9X0Rkiu0qVcuU8lJgFEvPWMDFU5sGB6ZM gkEKTzMvlZpPbBhg99Jl -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Hong Kong) — ap-east-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7zCCAq4CCQCO7MJe5Y3VLjAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xOTAyMDMwMjIxMjFaFw00 NTAyMDMwMjIxMjFaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbgwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQDvQ9RzVvf4MAwGbqfX blCvCoVb9957OkLGn/04CowHXJ+vTBR7eyIa6AoXltsQXBOmrJswToFKKxT4gbuw jK7s9QQX4CmTRWcEgO2RXtZSVjOhsUQMh+yf7Ht4OVL97LWnNfGsX2cwjcRWHYgI 7lvnuBNBzLQHdSEwMNq0Bk76PwIVAMan6XIEEPnwr4e6u/RNnWBGKd9FAoGBAOCG eSNmxpW4QFu4pIlAykm6EnTZKKHT87gdXkAkfoC5fAfOxxhnE2HezZHp9Ap2tMV5 8bWNvoPHvoKCQqwfm+OUBlAxC/3vqoVkKL2mG1KgUH9+hrtpMTkwO3RREnKe7I5O x9qDimJpOihrL4I0dYvy9xUOoz+DzFAW8+ylWVYpA4GFAAKBgQDbnBAKSxWr9QHY 6Dt+EFdGz6lAZLedeBKpaP53Z1DTO34J0C55YbJTwBTFGqPtOLxnUVDlGiD6GbmC 80f3jvogPR1mSmGsydbNbZnbUEVWrRhe+y5zJ3g9qs/DWmDW0deEFvkhWVnLJkFJ

9pdOu/ibRPH1lE2nz6pK7GbOQtLyHTAJBgcqhkjOOAQDAzAAMC0CFQCoJlwGtJQC cLoM4p/jtVFOj26xbgIUUS4pDKyHaG/eaygLTtFpFJqzWHc= -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICSzCCAbQCCQDtQvkVxRvK9TANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFADBqMQswCQYDVQQGEwJV UzETMBEGA1UECBMKV2FzaGluZ3RvbjEQMA4GA1UEBxMHU2VhdHRsZTEYMBYGA1UE ChMPQW1hem9uLmNvbSBJbmMuMRowGAYDVQQDExFlYzIuYW1hem9uYXdzLmNvbTAe Fw0xOTAyMDMwMzAwMDZaFw0yOTAyMDIwMzAwMDZaMGoxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRMw EQYDVQQIEwpXYXNoaW5ndG9uMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMRgwFgYDVQQKEw9B bWF6b24uY29tIEluYy4xGjAYBgNVBAMTEWVjMi5hbWF6b25hd3MuY29tMIGfMA0G CSqGSIb3DQEBAQUAA4GNADCBiQKBgQC1kkHXYTfc7gY5Q55JJhjTieHAgacaQkiR Pity9QPDE3b+NXDh4UdP1xdIw73JcIIG3sG9RhWiXVCHh6KkuCTqJfPUknIKk8vs M3RXflUpBe8Pf+P92pxqPMCz1Fr2NehS3JhhpkCZVGxxwLC5gaG0Lr4rFORubjYY Rh84dK98VwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4GBAA6xV9f0HMqXjPHuGILDyaNN dKcvplNFwDTydVg32MNubAGnecoEBtUPtxBsLoVYXCOb+b5/ZMDubPF9tU/vSXuo TpYM5Bq57gJzDRaBOntQbX9bgHiUxw6XZWaTS/6xjRJDT5p3S1E0mPI3lP/eJv4o Ezk5zb3eIf10/sqt4756 -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAMoxixvs3YssMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xODA3MjAw ODQ0NDRaGA8yMTk3MTIyMzA4NDQ0NFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA4T1PNsOg0FDrGlWePoHeOSmOJTA3HCRy5LSbYD33GFU2eBrOIxoU/+SM rInKu3GghAMfH7WxPW3etIAZiyTDDU5RLcUq2Qwdr/ZpXAWpYocNc/CEmBFtfbxF z4uwBIN3/drM0RSbe/wP9EcgmNUGQMMZWeAji8sMtwpOblNWAP9BniUG0Flcz6Dp uPovwDTLdAYT3TyhzlohKL3f6O48TR5yTaV+3Ran2SGRhyJjfh3FRpP4VC+z5LnT WPQHN74Kdq35UgrUxNhJraMGCzznolUuoR/tFMwR93401GsM9fVA7SW3jjCGF81z PSzjy+ArKyQqIpLW1YGWDFk3sf08FQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQDK 2/+C3nPMgtyOFX/I3Cyk+Pui44IgOwCsIdNGwuJysdqp5VIfnjegEu2zIMWJSKGO lMZoQXjffkVZZ97J7RNDW06oB7kj3WVE8a7U4WEOfnO/CbMUf/x99CckNDwpjgW+ K8V8SzAsQDvYZs2KaE+18GFfLVF1TGUYK2rPSZMHyX+v/TIlc/qUceBycrIQ/kke jDFsihUMLqgmOV2hXKUpIsmiWMGrFQV4AeV0iXP8L/ZhcepLf1t5SbsGdUA3AUY1 3If8s81uTheiQjwY5t9nM0SY/1Th/tL3+RaEI79VNEVfG1FQ8mgqCK0ar4m0oZJl tmmEJM7xeURdpBBx36Di

-----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Hyderabad) — ap-south-2 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC8DCCArCgAwIBAgIGAXjrQ4+XMAkGByqGSM44BAMwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24g U4EddRIpUt9KnC7s5Of2EbdSPO9EAMMeP4C2USZpRV1AIlH7WT2NWPq/ xfW6MPbLm1Vs14E7gB00b/JmYLdrmVClpJ+f6AR7ECLCT7up1/63xhv4O1fnxqimFQ8E +4P208UewwI1VBNaFpEy9nXzrith1yrv8iIDGZ3RSAHHAhUAl2BQjxUjC8yykrmCouuEC/ BYHPUCgYEA9+GghdabPd7LvKtcNrhXuXmUr7v6OuqC+VdMCz0HgmdRWVeOutRZT +ZxBxCBgLRJFnEj6EwoFhO3zwkyjMim4TwWeotUfI0o4KOuHiuzpnWRbqN/C/ohNWLx +2J6ASQ7zKTxvqhRkImog9/ hWuWfBpKLZl6Ae1UlZAFMO/7PSSoDgYUAAoGBAJCKGBBoxIUxqBk94JHhwZZbgvbP0DAOoHENQWxp/98lI7/ YOfYJOVMJS22aCnHDurofmo5rvNIkgXi7Rztbhu +lko9rK6DgpmpUwBU0WZtf34aZ2IWNBwHaVhHvWAQf9/46u18dMa2YucK1Wi+Vc+M +KldrvgXmhym6ErNlzhJyMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUaaPKxaOHoYvwz709xXpsQueIq+UCFFa/ GpzoDOSokl1057NU/2hnsiW4 -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICMzCCAZygAwIBAgIGAXjwLj9CMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIDBBXYXNoaW5n +sFcobrjvcAYm0PNRD8f4R1jAzvoLt2+qGeOTAyO1Httj6cmsYN3AP1hN5iYuppFiYsl2eNPa/ CD0Vg0BAfDFlV5rzjpA0j7TJabVh4kj7JvtD+xYMi6wEQA4x6SPONY4OeZ2+8o/ HS8nucpWDVdPRO6ciWUlMhjmDmwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAA4GBAAy6sgTdRkTqELHBeWj69q60xHyUmsWqHAQ TGGbYP0yP2qfMl0cCImzRI5W0gn8gogdervfeT7nH5ih0TWEy/QDWfkQ601L4erm4yh4YQq8vcqAPSkf04N -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAIVWfPw/X82fMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yMjA3MDQx NDMwMjhaGA8yMjAxMTIwODE0MzAyOFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAg29QEFriG+qFEjYW/v62nN70lMJY/Hevx5TtmU/VIYBPQa3HUGTBAbbI

2Tmy8UMpa8kZeaYeI3RAfiQWt0Ws7wUrBuO2Pdp518WDPaJUH7RWEuu1BDDkyZRW NAMNPCn3ph7Od243IFcLGku7HVekel5poqRpSfojrMasjlf+CvixUeAJbmFoxUHK kh5unzG2sZyO4wHXcJPQkRf5a8zSTPe9YZP1kXPPEv4p/jTSggaYPxXyS6QVaTlV zLeLFZ0fesLPMeil3KYQtV7IKLQiEA2F6dxWnxNWQlyMHtdq6PucfEmVx17i/Xza yNBRo0azY8WUNVkEXrRhp/pU8Nh3GQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQU9AO1aZk9RLXk2ZvRVoUxYvQy9uwwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AU9AO1 aZk9RLXk2ZvRVoUxYvQy9uyhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAIVWfPw/X82fMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBADexluMRQRftqViahCnauEWGdMvLCBr8A+Yr 6hJq0guoxEk/lahxR137DnfMPuSbi1Rx5QKo7oBrWfG/zsgQUnF2IwHTzwD+i/2m XCane6FiS5RpK3lGdILq8ZmlhQk+6iI8yoZLr0LCfTh+CLgIKHOknfR5lFzgzAiF SI8/Q9mm+uvYtSTZECI6Zh57QZPoETAG/yl+9jiOy2lAelqa/k1i+Qo8gMfOc+Pm dwY7o6fV+oucgRlsdey6VM45LeyILQqv0RXtVzjuowanzmCCFMjgqiO9oZAWu4Oh +F3unijELo01vZJs8s2N3KGlo3/jtUFTX6RTKShZlAPLwBi5GMI= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Jakarta) — ap-southeast-3 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC8DCCArCgAwIBAgIGAXbVDEikMAkGByqGSM44BAMwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24g U4EddRIpUt9KnC7s5Of2EbdSPO9EAMMeP4C2USZpRV1AIlH7WT2NWPq/ xfW6MPbLm1Vs14E7gB00b/JmYLdrmVClpJ+f6AR7ECLCT7up1/63xhv4O1fnxqimFQ8E +4P208UewwI1VBNaFpEy9nXzrith1yrv8iIDGZ3RSAHHAhUAl2BQjxUjC8yykrmCouuEC/ BYHPUCgYEA9+GghdabPd7LvKtcNrhXuXmUr7v6OuqC+VdMCz0HgmdRWVeOutRZT +ZxBxCBgLRJFnEj6EwoFhO3zwkyjMim4TwWeotUfI0o4KOuHiuzpnWRbqN/C/ohNWLx +2J6ASQ7zKTxvqhRkImog9/ hWuWfBpKLZl6Ae1UlZAFMO/7PSSoDgYUAAoGBAPjuiEx05N3JQ6cVwntJie67D8OuNo4jGRn +crEtL7YO0jSVB9zGE1ga +UgRPIaYETL293S8rTJTVgXAqdpBwfaHC6NUzre8U8iJ8FMNnlP9Gw1oUIlgQBjORyynVJexoB31TDZM +/52g9O/bpq1QqNyKbeIgyBBlc1dAtr1QLnsMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUK8E6RDIRtwK+9qnaTOBhvO/ njuQCFFocyT1OxK+UDR888oNsdgtif2Sf -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICMzCCAZygAwIBAgIGAXbVDG2yMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIDBBXYXNoaW5n Vbt0gQ1ebWcur2hSO7PnJifE4OPxQ7RgSAlc4/spJp1sDP+ZrS0LO1ZJfKhXf1R9S3AUwLnsc7b +IuVXdY5LK9RKqu64nyXP5dx170zoL8loEyCSuRR2fs+04i2QsWBVP+KFNAn7P5L1EHRjkgTO8kjNKviwRV

+OkP9ab5wIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAA4GBAI4WUy6+DKh0JDSzQEZNyBgNlSoSuC2owtMxCwGB6nBfzzfcekWvs +87w/g9lNwUnUt0ZHYyh2tuBG6hVJuUEwDJ/z3wDd6wQviLOTF3MITawt9P8siR1hXqLJNxpjRQFZrgHqi -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAMtdyRcH51j9MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yMjA0MDgx MjM5MTZaGA8yMjAxMDkxMjEyMzkxNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAvUsKCxoH6KXRYJLeYTWAQfaBQeCwhJaR56mfUeFHJE4g8aFjWkiN4uc1 TvOyYNnIZKTHWmzmulmdinWNbwP0GiROHb/i7ro0HhvnptyycGt8ag8affiIbx5X 7ohdwSN2KJ6G0IKflIx7f2NEI0oAMM/9k+T1eVF+MVWzpZoiDp8frLNkqp8+RAgz ScZsbRfwv3u/if5xJAvdg2nCkIWDMSHEVPoz0lJo7v0ZuDtWWsL1LHnL5ozvsKEk +ZJyEi23r+U1hIT1NTBdp4yoigNQexedtwCSr7q36oOdDwvZpqYlkLi3uxZ4ta+a 01pzOSTwMLgQZSbKWQrpMvsIAPrxoQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQU1GgnGdNpbnL3lLF30Jomg7Ji9hYwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AU1Ggn GdNpbnL3lLF30Jomg7Ji9hahYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAMtdyRcH51j9MBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBACVl00qQlatBKVeiWMrhpczsJroxDxlZTOba 6wTMZk7c3akb6XMOSZFbGaifkebPZqTHEhDlrClM2j9AIlYcCx6YCrTf4cuhn2mD gcJN33143eOWSaeRY3ee4j+V9ne98y3kO2wLz95VrRgclPFR8po2iWGzGhwUi+FG q8dXeCH3N0DZgQsSgQWwmdNQXZZej6RHLU/8In5trHKLY0ppnLBjn/UZQbeTyW5q RJB3GaveXjfgFUWj2qOcDuRGaikdS+dYaLsi5z9cA3FolHzWxx9MOs8io8vKqQzV XUrLTNWwuhZy88cOlqGPxnoRbw7TmifwPw/cunNrsjUUOgs6ZTk= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Malaysia) — ap-southeast-5 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7zCCAq4CCQC5X6U+vgoLEDAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDAxMDMxMjU3NTRaGA8y MDUwMDEwMzEyNTc1NFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0 b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIg U2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBtjCCASsGByqGSM44BAEwggEeAoGBAIzEMPCIPFfOYCg4

BCjKGyl60wOfmwHPzSOXZ3Z2wS/LYNHUtHGwtVNePSTyCu/CuZF6gC9n/wBORtQp +SSkn+weGc/BmUA1mp/vrN7v+aSCgKJoO+sgpa1PPOgNvUaMw6O5odsZWQCMSjkU 6RTo/PL2v/tMfiCocF4ghvyRC6hvAhUA0VoObKC2IXzXgVvRRupo4qHbcm8CgYAe bbNuawh3rAxkFvUs9FPzW5E+xllG16Z//61PENKqonmk+zBiBdiIlS1F6ZqmTqkI z5+qfSt1m3pb3j2W0NT7lEDFvy8Gr6Y2vohCHmL+T1u1Yy4PeqbgrFwcen7y7WoO /KCV7Y9/ODQMMyuAzT3h5wJNweT7L5MUN8JYpZSi3QOBhAACgYBqaDuG2u6V91Qj K2wEAElxaaRaNo/ewg/wWDmHYqoeHOR0HfuFCYgASE9f7ULqYtX1VURcgcjw9XN4 BDmPilXvfi04INPTnw4IxFJKDzzC0kVH7esVas982Po8v3megH32H9Rl87r7UG1c ZEbkSkKVX6YKYg1PR3rfjXgdwVZv/zAJBgcqhkjOOAQDAzAAMC0CFFWeRe2fYW2i 6mMd26Wzbx87Y0DXAhUAoPCnF+5hGJw0jT9aL7QsgcfLi9Y= -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICNjCCAZ+gAwIBAgIJAMuBl6rhZCJKMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDAxMDMx MjU3NTRaGA8yMjAzMDYwOTEyNTc1NFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUAA4GNADCBiQKB gQDFuKydxZsordNH7bLwIluEGOkX7/CdLdpeqkDKEhQkFwzpRxaX4EAlkGh2/o7D 8qneC9cGQhqSG5WVVBrmZG7sfkFOM4m1AtY++kfv+MYto1VFgLk1xJbkpq1r4YeQ Ul+ZsJYsZpyX/t+g8s7rW0OVcBsYx4L75bf34z38mwK8PQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3 DQEBCwUAA4GBADD9C4pWL8RUvF1CJW8kExj35xmozlFlmrKs8Zpi8+Eg6q+W9dgd xMdH95tgZtmVMDqlvVR+DK0iO1BNpqPjrqWkk2tTLivpS+sGzCE/jCl18Q28Rk71 /A3gLD7Rtbq5TKNvuFCHwYMjrTDHI6aBjIaAlDm4e2/j/OxVtHyZGTre -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJANC3xtbPhQ2GMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDAxMDMx MjU3NTRaGA8yMjAzMDYwOTEyNTc1NFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAt3aMy7Hsp4ySG3mlfi+pdTcZw6H6XNU1Y36fNdi4c+MzinQQbnqMPyt7 QLgU+XCWmcWsVo7GQF6n9N01Rh+UXXUZU4jcXlFocQPCWf9O+IIIIPXkd67kFMUV HAxCELjfxHbC+I8e7dwOJhmdF4Bfi52Ty8zz0HdE8JDypPkTDlXuGvTgDyW7NP56 I/vlQaXLoYSbcQe5pv2a9gyBaaCM1QoeqwAHAeCNXb9Nuj9ZX3GHGJb3TuqAeKCD 5i9TscCB9XjY6Fx+zfSAobjBZwgLEtLOwJhbZnKmx4gJMaaNFipAjVT2FSS3+yev

eTYBoa1dvhk0ivQyQIPpHmihrmkWuwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQBC fdgyI8GjmCqiHAlh+L1bj0LdNql9zl7RXmOEzsuRdtdMumkxYXX88UtROy3fdi1i VaEwHdAK8ThzRkesgHza/cXzqCMewaYxujSI6p6G7x99FFeGif1x0FJdj8AoeTL7 4h9bmS/6l4/NL7DJI9G7ovES/hoUA9v9TDhv+vauxXlgfrp0MPecprxBYlrc+DH2 adGCdKCp2lQ2YDKOD9TCEjYIli8XSoyevoWHUjfDYrCrCp8l4s/p7HOgYr8fJBAs EuVy8211LVz1/X4EMBRNtNjXK9sklsxAOX14NDfBFSS0toxl3K6Tf9t/PviBl95d hncyDAcFgDCK4w8LLlVW -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Melbourne) — ap-southeast-4 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7zCCAq +gAwIBAgIGAXjWF7P2MAkGByqGSM44BAMwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxED U4EddRIpUt9KnC7s5Of2EbdSPO9EAMMeP4C2USZpRV1AIlH7WT2NWPq/ xfW6MPbLm1Vs14E7gB00b/JmYLdrmVClpJ+f6AR7ECLCT7up1/63xhv4O1fnxqimFQ8E +4P208UewwI1VBNaFpEy9nXzrith1yrv8iIDGZ3RSAHHAhUAl2BQjxUjC8yykrmCouuEC/ BYHPUCgYEA9+GghdabPd7LvKtcNrhXuXmUr7v6OuqC+VdMCz0HgmdRWVeOutRZT +ZxBxCBgLRJFnEj6EwoFhO3zwkyjMim4TwWeotUfI0o4KOuHiuzpnWRbqN/C/ohNWLx +2J6ASQ7zKTxvqhRkImog9/ hWuWfBpKLZl6Ae1UlZAFMO/7PSSoDgYQAAoGAPRXSsQP9E3dw8QXKlrgBgEVCprLHdK/bbrMas0XMu1EhOD +q +0PcTr8+iwbtoXlY5MCeatWIp1GrXQjVqsF8vQqxlEuRuYKbR3nq4mWwaeGlx9AG5EjQHRa3GQ44wWHOdof0M3NRI1MP -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICMzCCAZygAwIBAgIGAXjSh40SMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIDBBXYXNoaW5n +qWTGAbGsPeMX4hBMjAJUKys2NIRcRZaLM/BCew2FIPVjNtlaj6Gwn9ipU4Mlz3zIwAMWi1AvGMSreppt +wV6MRtfOjh0Dvj/veJe88aEZJMozNgkJFRS +WFWsckQeL56tf6kY6QTlNo8V/0CsQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAA4GBAF7vpPghH0FRo5gu49EArRNPrIvW1egM wcgkqIwwuXYj+1rhlL+/ iMpQWjdVGEqIZSeXn5fLmdx50eegFCwND837r9e8XYTiQS143Sxt9+Yi6BZ7U7YD8kK9NBWoJxFqUeHdpRCs0O7COjT3 -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAN4GTQ64zVs8MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV

BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yMjA3MTMx MzMzMDBaGA8yMjAxMTIxNzEzMzMwMFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA2BYgeCr+Rk/jIAEDOHS7wJql62vc83QEwjuzk0qOFEReIZzlN1fBRNXK g0T178Kd3gLYcE59wEFbTe/X5yOA1Lo95x1anSAo7R+Cisf9C2HQuJp+gVb+zx71 lniPF7gHziGpm0M8DdAU/IW+wkZwGbP4z7Hq9+bJ0P2ltvPJ5yxSgkFuDsI9VBHa CLoprHsCHh2VdP8KcMgQQMmHe1NmBpyTk0ul/aLmQkCQEX6ZIRGOeq228fwlh/t+ Ho+jv87duihVKic6MrL32SlD+maX0LSDUydWdaOLLTGkh7oV7+bFuH6msrXUu+Ur ZEP1r/MidCWMhfgrFzeTBzOHA97qxQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQUcHMd1cHqzmsQ5hpUK3EMLhHdsi4wgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AUcHMd 1cHqzmsQ5hpUK3EMLhHdsi6hYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAN4GTQ64zVs8MBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAI4PFyVN+7EGSObioiPnv0LL0f70SSzUZJ8p XO90d4rWea7jIbgZ2AKb+ErynkU9xVg7XQQ5k6KDWgp/4jYFL2dqnt/YAY4PS0un RSrYElawxLT0BcLn4rcSDC79vQe1xGC5//wDdV6b399COAHRAK6axWYy5w32u9PL uw0cIp3Ch8JoNwcgTHKRRGzePmBeR4PNqhHTArG4/dJk6/aUO4OpX0WzI6L67CGY 6Nex3dau+gkLCK93dTEkrXtyXHu4wB0J9zd1w+iQ0SEa9eKc78/NjEsF/FZdGrWC t57lIMOOXJhQ1kRgSwNeZdQWV1dRakvO6sfcvVYkfj1wAvZvvAw= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Mumbai) — ap-south-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw

vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUDLA+x6tTAP3LRTr0z6nOxfsozdMwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE0MTMwMVoXDTI5MDQyODE0MTMwMVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUDLA+x6tT AP3LRTr0z6nOxfsozdMwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQAZ7rYKoAwwiiH1M5GJbrT/BEk3OO2VrEPw8ZxgpqQ/EKlzMlOs/0Cyrmp7 UYyUgYFQe5nq37Z94rOUSeMgv/WRxaMwrLlLqD78cuF9DSkXaZIX/kECtVaUnjk8 BZx0QhoIHOpQocJUSlm/dLeMuE0+0A3HNR6JVktGsUdv9ulmKw== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAPRYyD8TtmC0MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNjAzMDcx MDQ1MDFaGA8yMTk1MDgxMTEwNDUwMVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA0LSS5I/eCT2PM0+qusorBx67QL26BIWQHd/yF6ARtHBb/1DdFLRqE5Dj 07Xw7eENC+T79mOxOAbeWg91KaODOzw6i9I/2/HpK0+NDEdD6sPKDA1d45jRra+v CqAjI+nV9Vw91wv7HjMk3RcjWGziM8/hw+3YNIutt7aQzZRwIWlBpcqx3/AFd8Eu 2UsRMSHgkGUW6UzUF+h/U8218XfrauKNGmNKDYUhtmyBrHT+k6J0hQ4pN7fe6h+Z w9RVHm24BGhlLxLHLmsOIxvbrF277uX9Dxu1HfKfu5D2kimTY7xSZDNLR2dt+kNY /+iWdIeEFpPT0PLSILt52wP6stF+3QIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQBI E6w+WWC2gCfoJO6c9HMyGLMFEpqZmz1n5IcQt1h9iyO7Vkm1wkJiZsMhXpk73zXf TPxuXEacTX3SOEa07OIMCFwkusO5f6leOyFTynHCzBgZ3U0UkRVZA3WcpbNB6Dwy

h7ysVlqyT9WZd7EOYm5j5oue2G2xdei+6etgn5UjyWm6liZGrcOF6WPTdmzqa6WG ApEqanpkQd/HM+hUYex/ZS6zEhd4CCDLgYkIjlrFbFb3pJ1OVLztIfSN5J4Oolpu JVCfIq5u1NkpzL7ys/Ub8eYipbzI6P+yxXiUSuF0v9b98ymczMYjrSQXIf1e8In3 OP2CclCHoZ8XDQcvvKAh -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (New Zealand) — ap-southeast-6 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7zCCAq4CCQCcP+D4eLFOajAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDEyMDMxMjEzMDZaGA8y MDUwMTIwNDEyMTMwNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0 b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIg U2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBtjCCASsGByqGSM44BAEwggEeAoGBANBMmM/LbAX13IeB 3yr2pMMpiTW1b1go/axNLfcxEmj0fThKk8y0FAT1frN/UPdI9qRInsyBdEZQLiIH 4WHCXk8IidQLh4DED3G9DvSFFC4Gb8ax+UIQY11wfHPWO4+wA9q8liYTg/FxdJMM tZS9tZAZxjH6+8yfV8Bt0wUd2Y+lAhUAwg0CxCmZPinHtKbFnpMQfKnzjCMCgYAf i+D7nGVFOWJ8EYOpRYbG0pHkrpwNy+h01csn6IAwQbIfeOG+SF4N3LeuOAC9vXGY VGh9XNxuasvqkRAzgRmJ/EYM5Xa/YN62EhddRuN8wCOg66MeczUDh3RTb+Tu6HK0 UR6oTSOQ6rxA5aA1qTc7TqI0+pRZv+QYIZK/ozsZzgOBhAACgYAbVm+rOX8J38cG LxKjUXVM0KB69SksGLEqjO4ps80EcZ/0W3g1hGLnSX/RjYfAS60hbKK1GX9PpcaO 4mDzCTm3dZ6shbae5t8bBU+mUi8BmaK+Pdu3z5J77y4zv22/yXte8ulZ5J0zKP9K QP3p3pa7XI9NaXpKGT3yZsJ0BWY2xTAJBgcqhkjOOAQDAzAAMC0CFBs4KQmrxHjQ OHh0r8JqB8UiwlutAhUAwgxid7wT6FNm8Zwq9hioQ2v2K0A= -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICNjCCAZ+gAwIBAgIJAMwLuv2/tk9eMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDEyMDMx MjEzMDZaGA8yMjA0MDUwOTEyMTMwNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUAA4GNADCBiQKB gQC9AsBNOUfT8QpguHqMa9KIXP/YgZOmfRAgEmnLawXTC+40bXUq/fwkx+cebv3x CvUx6d07/iDlD0dm2Hf2HhPFi3OaCI7vc8c3lqVBvcn6yzmwv35aSEvtVm2NHC3j 4/q6vN2tR2d4a1Mf1QhmOVOJ7XiTEbCy2Yv+pmDbk29V6QIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3 DQEBCwUAA4GBAHatyQIy612kio8neI4r5VBg8pgKwW+mFGpAzOQ2NOyLCNoOeD1D

lPRaSipBN7WW6jpIozbz7JG7Kqc3N+piPGGzfjH9gZjqUqfOGrNHB5nsxvMHI2iL e+DwsOcV7qnEVRgYbmLYOVKJv25wCsM/Tcn/6f6scEX2x+H0hAh7rwiP -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAI/xUfWwSQOtMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDEyMDMx MjEzMDZaGA8yMjA0MDUwOTEyMTMwNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEArbid9Tnunu0pWCQUqZCkGeiF8hWixi+LBS1AOew2UsT9keAt2rXXGlU/ wSMriKHsvcrfKtuVKj5chArsOyFvagszH5lIKhI+GfWVQEd2aZiOvAJ+iRUQq1+R gOr2gyjWlf3znZXTcyhHcJoXDhbn5e+kEa3pwS4yKNRpM3P61V4M2702xis08hjP qMDxwXMa1Fiy4b7nAyNQifgrwb3bCA5k5prmkl/iajaWa1zMMFgLI9vA6UwUSbTK H9iOuL/xNfMX+Xzq4CCaQYiJ8zdi56kqnB/lrA05NSjOPLskg6sUGkyiDxGK4gzC DFrO6oygcdlBaxnyAECGdJcOM6TOmwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQBg 8yVPNpctrvSvTazf/Ij8qC6+q6df1SptdYKQkOYWeUVZR7+3uTZ9Yiyq+Bh8Hbyf NcR0eR6UqhgiB3p5slYNhTvLkpuMuqTpVJFvQtzZycnmKXAQ35G5zCYV0+pkF59L ch26SukWk0+VP3kIM9VmaIZQKJEBlBLcnbDZyXlHUDnZAYPcxxKQ8uFPkW0GOFMr ekFCGOUmFSItFXOHy5hD2xmctKNk3l12m6cKydYvONtk/3DovKNnw3c5k40WHQW/ Zdh/LWd4/Jrkan+kQnqm4rkrXF+x3aF0qrKTtHMICvpkZ8g7/588hBs4mZnCmFLa q/g9WqIcd9SMmBkT6KZ8 -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Osaka) — ap-northeast-3 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U

hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUHTRhxHhBZFOGvTFKxHoy9+f5Hl8wDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE2NTQwN1oXDTI5MDQyODE2NTQwN1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUHTRhxHhB ZFOGvTFKxHoy9+f5Hl8wEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQAUZx7DcYbhWNTD4BNGhr5beruT2OUoGHH9J73UKxwdqeb9bH1LIWhIZO0X /1mjn3bWBgCwfoS8gjZwsVB6fZbNBRy8urdBZJ87xF/4JPBjt7S9oGx/zthDUYrC yK0Y0v4G0PgiS81CvYLg09LpmYhLSJbXENlkC04v5yxdKxZxyg== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAMn1yPk22ditMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNzA3MTkx MTEyNThaGA8yMTk2MTIyMjExMTI1OFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEArznEYef8IjhrJoazI0QGZkmlmHm/4rEbyQbMNifxjsDE8YWtHNwaM91z zmyK6Sk/tKlWxcnl3g31iq305ziyFPEewe5Qbwf1iz2cMsvfNBcTh/E6u+mBPH3J gvGanqUJt6c4IbipdEouIjjnynyVWd4D6erLl/ENijeR1OxVpaqSW5SBK7jms49E pw3wtbchEl3qsE42Ip4IYmWxqjgaxB7vps91n4kfyzAjUmklcqTfMfPCkzmJCRgp

Vh1C79vRQhmriVKD6BXwfZ8tG3a7mijeDn7kTsQzgO07Z2SAE63PIO48JK8HcObH tXORUQ/XF1jzi/SIaUJZT7kq3kWl8wIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQBj ThtO9dLvU2QmKuXAhxXjsIdlQgGG3ZGh/Vke4If1ymgLx95v2Vj9Moxk+gJuUSRL BzFte3TT6b3jPolbECgmAorjj8NxjC17N8QAAI1d0S0gI8kqkG7V8iRyPIFekv+M pcai1+cIv5IV5qAz8QOMGYfGdYkcoBjsgiyvMJu/2N2UbZJNGWvcEGkdjGJUYYOO NaspCAFm+6HA/K7BD9zXB1IKsprLgqhiIUgEaW3UFEbThJT+z8UfHG9fQjzzfN/J nT6vuY/0RRu1xAZPyh2gr5okN/s6rnmh2zmBHU1n8cbCc64MVfXe2g3EZ9Glq/9n izPrI09hMypJDP04ugQc -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Seoul) — ap-northeast-2 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUbBSn2UIO6vYk4iNWV0RPxJJtHlgwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTEzMzg0NloXDTI5MDQyODEzMzg0NlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA

A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUbBSn2UIO 6vYk4iNWV0RPxJJtHlgwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQAmjTjalG8MGLqWTC2uYqEM8nzI3px1eo0ArvFRsyqQ3fgmWcQpxExqUqRy l3+2134Kv8dFab04Gut5wlfRtc2OwPKKicmv/IXGN+9bKFnQFjTqif08NIzrDZch aFT/uvxrIiM+oN2YsHq66GUhO2+xVRXDXVxM/VObFgPERbJpyA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJANuCgCcHtOJhMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTA5MTQx NTU3NDRaGA8yMTk1MDIxNzE1NTc0NFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA66iNv6pJPmGM20W8HbVYJSlKcAg2vUGx8xeAbzZIQdpGfkabVcUHGB6m Gy59VXDMDlrJckDDk6dxUOhmcX9z785TtVZURq1fua9QosdbTzX4kAgHGdp4xQEs mO6QZqg5qKjBP6xr3+PshfQ1rB8Bmwg0gXEm22CC7o77+7N7Mu2sWzWbiUR7vil4 9FjWS8XmMNwFTlShp4l1TDTevDWW/uYmC30RThM9S4QPvTZ0rAS18hHVam8BCTxa LHaVCH/Yy52rsz0hM/FlghnSnK105ZKj+b+KIp3adBL8OMCjgc/Pxi0+j3HQLdYE 32+FaXWU84D2iP2gDT28evnstzuYTQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQC1 mA4q+12pxy7By6g3nBk1s34PmWikNRJBwOqhF8ucGRv8aiNhRRye9lokcXomwo8r KHbbqvtK85l0xUZp/Cx4sm4aTgcMvfJP29jGLclDzeqADIvkWEJ4+xncxSYVlS9x +78TvF/+8h9U2LnSl64PXaKdxHy2IsHIVRN4GtoaP2Xhpa1S0M328Jykq/571nfN 1WRD1c/fQf1edgzRjhQ4whcAhv7WRRF+qTbfQJ/vDxy8lkiOsvU9XzUaZ0fZSfXX wXxZamQbONvFcxVHY/0PSiM8nQoUmkkBQuKleDwRWvkoJKYKyr3jvXK7HIWtMrO4 jmXe0aMy3thyK6g5sJVg -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Singapore) — ap-southeast-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw

FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUSqP6ih+++5KF07NXngrWf26mhSUwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE0MzAxNFoXDTI5MDQyODE0MzAxNFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUSqP6ih++ +5KF07NXngrWf26mhSUwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQAw13BxW11U/JL58j//Fmk7qqtrZTqXmaz1qm2WlIpJpW750MOcP4ux1uPy eM0RdVZ4jHSMv5gtLAv/PjExBfw9n6vNCk+5GZG4Xec5DoapBZHXmfMo93sjxBFP 4x9rWn0GuwAVO9ukjYPevq2Rerilrq5VvppHtbATVNY2qecXDA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAJVMGw5SHkcvMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV

BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTEwMjkw ODU3MTlaGA8yMTk1MDQwMzA4NTcxOVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAlaSSLfBl7OgmikjLReHuNhVuvM20dCsVzptUyRbut+KmIEEc24wd/xVy 2RMIrydGedkW4tUjkUyOyfET5OAyT43jTzDPHZTkRSVkYjBdcYbe9o/0Q4P7IVS3 XlvwrUu0qo9nSID0mxMnOoF1l8KAqnn10tQ0W+lNSTkasW7QVzcb+3okPEVhPAOq MnlY3vkMQGI8zX4iOKbEcSVIzf6wuIffXMGHVC/JjwihJ2USQ8fq6oy686g54P4w ROg415kLYcodjqThmGJPNUpAZ7MOc5Z4pymFuCHgNAZNvjhZDA842Ojecqm62zcm Tzh/pNMNeGCRYq2EQX0aQtYOIj7bOQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQU6SSB+3qALorPMVNjToM1Bj3oJMswgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AU6SSB +3qALorPMVNjToM1Bj3oJMuhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAJVMGw5SHkcvMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAF/0dWqkIEZKg5rca8o0P0VS+tolJJE/FRZO atHOeaQbWzyac6NEwjYeeV2kY63skJ+QPuYbSuIBLM8p/uTRIvYM4LZYImLGUvoO IdtJ8mAzq8CZ3ipdMs1hRqF5GRp8lg4w2QpX+PfhnW47iIOBiqSAUkIr3Y3BDaDn EjeXF6qS4iPIvBaQQ0cvdddNh/pE33/ceghbkZNTYkrwMyBkQlRTTVKXFN7pCRUV +L9FuQ9y8mP0BYZa5e1sdkwebydU+eqVzsil98ntkhpjvRkaJ5+Drs8TjGaJWlRw 5WuOr8unKj7YxdL1bv7//RtVYVVi296ldoRUYv4SCvJF11z0OdQ= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Sydney) — ap-southeast-2 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw

vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUFxWyAdk4oiXIOC9PxcgjYYh71mwwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE1MjE0M1oXDTI5MDQyODE1MjE0M1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUFxWyAdk4 oiXIOC9PxcgjYYh71mwwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQByjeQe6lr7fiIhoGdjBXYzDfkX0lGGvMIhRh57G1bbceQfaYdZd7Ptc0jl bpycKGaTvhUdkpMOiV2Hi9dOOYawkdhyJDstmDNKu6P9+b6Kak8He5z3NU1tUR2Y uTwcz7Ye8Nldx//ws3raErfTI7D6s9m63OX8cAJ/f8bNgikwpw== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAL2bOgb+dq9rMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTEwMjkw OTAwNTdaGA8yMTk1MDQwMzA5MDA1N1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAmRcyLWraysQS8yDC1b5Abs3TUaJabjqWu7d5gHik5Icd6dKl8EYpQSeS vz6pLhkgO4xBbCRGlgE8LS/OijcZ5HwdrxBiKbicR1YvIPaIyEQQvF5sX6UWkGYw Ma5IRGj4YbRmJkBybw+AAV9Icb5LJNOMWPi34OWM+2tMh+8L234v/JA6ogpdPuDr sM6YFHMZ0NWo58MQ0FnEj2D7H58Ti//vFPl0TaaPWaAIRF85zBiJtKcFJ6vPidqK f2/SDuAvZmyHC8ZBHg1moX9bR5FsU3QazfbW+c+JzAQWHj2AaQrGSCITxCMlS9sJ l51DeoZBjnx8cnRe+HCaC4YoRBiqIQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQU/wHIo+r5U31VIsPoWoRVsNXGxowwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AU/wHI o+r5U31VIsPoWoRVsNXGxoyhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX

YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAL2bOgb+dq9rMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBACobLvj8IxlQyORTz/9q7/VJL509/p4HAeve 92riHp6+Moi0/dSEYPeFTgdWB9W3YCNc34Ss9TJq2D7t/zLGGlbI4wYXU6VJjL0S hCjWeIyBXUZOZKFCb0DSJeUElsTRSXSFuVrZ9EAwjLvHni3BaC9Ve34iP71ifr75 8Tpk6PEj0+JwiijFH8E4GhcV5chB0/iooU6ioQqJrMwFYnwo1cVZJD5v6D0mu9bS TMIJLJKv4QQQqPsNdjiB7G9bfkB6trP8fUVYLHLsVlIy5lGx+tgwFEYkG1N8IOO/ 2LCawwaWm8FYAFd3IZl04RImNs/IMG7VmH1bf4swHOBHgCN1uYo= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Taipei) — ap-east-2 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7jCCAq4CCQDrb+HArMxssTAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDA1MjQxNDU2MDZaGA8y MDUwMDUyNTE0NTYwNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0 b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIg U2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBtjCCASsGByqGSM44BAEwggEeAoGBAPFb5R5TBUs2N0YW aJcOjxr4UCDrpVT3x6EeqoGFNAc1yiZw9iv++ff6wsXm0VG5XV1QkWMQcjPfK/2I TvXh9XEOhsG7vaBHoWkb2gmIxE6C2u8TfoZu0ZmiMceFK7aYz5w/q2J9CmRs38dT I9qgTq0LYX+VkiNYOQnn7sQXQ8CjAhUAp2Lue9SfYTmubbpH+3j91Sivc+cCgYAi DiyGU5R5VgiNV3mhuAyiHCft3LEmTIxos/hx/rHzgm+vCMH55tYejIrv9n7YGrIZ MejOt8bGYxqSf0Ir/aoj3ZfHihxUzwyfyzwH7D8kAodXJNsPUTKi0O0pGl/e+nVD JhTIFV3AwC8Tt0r2hljbjhOiyhdYy5hxWHa/WokLAQOBhAACgYAkGGHXbFr/JXol itpS1qfiETWSRkXGHrdSmUkRumgti2y7c57TgXPwCyNlP1sTr1duy/kYDpwSwyqi qEYfko0b/xWpDEQQPsWBgolpEYP7RIT85IxrTCrC9ohz85n7v6m9oF6BiBQGtZdk GBN7iqemg85UaF6mXfHvl3tUYjsB2jAJBgcqhkjOOAQDAy8AMCwCFED9Ybn6fEVF wLNjDvULmki5bPBWAhR64pxsHFRHz0ZQi+SYMWdIpEs5RQ== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICNjCCAZ+gAwIBAgIJAJp99iy2CTXhMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDA1MjQx NDU2MDZaGA8yMjAzMTAyOTE0NTYwNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUAA4GNADCBiQKB

gQDVdclgpcIIsyGG51ag8srK1UMfZ+Ioh9E4PLP+cIWQcdh31fv2kV/whKaqfmif NefBIuHrTPl6L+mJQbsfeA+TiEx1Jamg4lwQfhgQKQCmjZVMaHtK+AY57TVN6FBf HXxT2MXzktsKxAQRGeSTFQYrHRzSYvu+GkA+37lqyWRfcwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3 DQEBCwUAA4GBABM+WL9MSb7z3bNOTMkM7ufPucvj+LQ+zEAJiuG0rcB8GI2DhGB5 8ohDPUGlq1cP7vYmDkWG/FrLqx7qgIzkbE3zfb62JpdOuX73oHgCmikMfq8ifoS1 CUxMQ36PDZBFNPzGZxv5kEORqhmGBkYCoIUCQ43jh3aALR/A/rfzfij8 -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAJt5hgMuWbpMMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDA1MjQx NDU2MDZaGA8yMjAzMTAyOTE0NTYwNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA91FXs9Wk9kMI3lkNhjC69C6RTBpSvdLWSohPDlJKXFoaGYIDtyW1ViwO FORAKz0koarVBx1D4fNKCxf+mhYAf//4Pxt31GzjehHNs2YVGimwhq/SNr+3AuIO PibA+qScXamaiknE1Pxb4jisbBu2PMAG9OxU2dESNwiqBMvdJvg30YNTUITZ6r0e MPjR1Y/EFVx/SLHW6wdvwqhNi9hz8HHdThzjCbCQPvmoLBJIKXIfosKqvauSezt1 KJSoS2jMx1OjJB2bBlQTZC8vF0WFNPoiH4jXyJ6+wMUMNSSd5b3uL5stVTMzuIz4 39Hd5YW41rmAy+6jmpGp2eXn6Td0rQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQAs gcgv+Xr67Cj08jKdAUT4GuCoGxveOFAjSDjs5y0cD+kXIT/Yj/+HKFOx5cwThT8F TxNQ/oVuo3bGeuFEX799H0rT9Jupy0WiE1Vx81mk2M/1EDtns437edM4ofiWR8tR Q1VNiRgz6Crr0nFgNoQa9HmR6/M+bImxevHJkWB3skvnxtA+lpKGwJs8jo6fA7AW jr00opK0r731iBd1z/5hjIjkHn5NizAdiJEh3lVY/A3WS82aygW8LvYnKZeaBfZJ J4NgxeflxocLFKBJD+hyf5u1hhvl7Mn/aGr5VI8/0F2oUqYo+xsHLT3keNghywO4 NNcyLcD9u16HVXhRhGvo -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Thailand) — ap-southeast-7 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC8TCCAq8CCQCOEEMWiJIJpTAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDA0MTIxNTI4NTZaGA8y MDUwMDQxMzE1Mjg1NlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0 b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIg U2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBtzCCASsGByqGSM44BAEwggEeAoGBAJWKfrIlz9+/U4wm

NDJPX00avUTdksBKX5RwHkY4o0///2G2HWwiBbxw8F1U+RzCXr80gSoe4+/SCSg3 uDuhJyzN5r4jr7c590CAgsiGdWERs7l4gLQCP504feU4TEjJoq9A8MfRZeqMj7Ug fT5InTUW7S1/r98ddG/rBHMsJwEbAhUAneIckZ1YeyGcCeL32lujMhj+g68CgYA+ RsyTXCy3Tug5aHun51IfcG2d+pn5K/tv/N3WUR18RplVctrLhwIOUoAsDWPWtxNV sODetezAyo759CK43JAmYGzXKbRFUHm3n46jP88tSdhuSeJhc/D4l5/0+2L7ndXp L3+W4N05NdiKSGI8e8t452wTZv/RODivPZ3RtuCDywOBhQACgYEAjVS1Huwzdn1J +kpd2Rcbe1BAGkmvk5sUu0KhyttqIB1kxTxeWZgsdO8REZSC5gJOwkcGFvXnb3DY +Ms45r0e0s0rx2FFYjqMLwyRpK9wUjJfSXeJMa9iLQEXuyzBz6zPgfemXbS3zNq/ eoJ9ztIwjB9DMoKL+E1vSLsTGhehqRowCQYHKoZIzjgEAwMxADAuAhUAmljDM3c9 hf0j4XbMjjpnzrx1xhkCFQCASR9pgFNgLK8y6Kojj+P1KJkrSQ== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICNjCCAZ+gAwIBAgIJAIuIHAhL0xWcMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDA0MTIx NTI4NTZaGA8yMjAzMDkxNzE1Mjg1NlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUAA4GNADCBiQKB gQCajgAeOauwvqGDLrHvxujnZ1BnkMzwjrycMUTkj8jqNtWoDQWUJVNPZJILosEU VwK2I3oNkEsx/ryl9XfXcNNceoYfVEPzkTzozrZyuOG66FWtUU1LKeJ7h9/rX0Zd 9lZEokrdr6dLPt9FsHWaK5ExlUnWBjNltcQLkkKqoeYaFwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3 DQEBCwUAA4GBAE4G5G+FvKTsX3T7BEcId7f5LSCc2J9gZRDiWn2oTr40CrBMOzJT KsWr9W89YXW3gaGWltzc0WCwYQbJZgAkuEAZItJjbhdnns87ZbsFO+NZhc6gDtjA WC3dPlSB9b6rfVoVW9O6Xwa7iNXZo8ddYVJ/ZOIv/totUz9qJt4DmmKk -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJANaQIrYcijxaMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDA0MTIx NTI4NTZaGA8yMjAzMDkxNzE1Mjg1NlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAxtMGK4r6WerVtMfpRRCY3DMP9Q/s4jnRIqolPaxeT99BAFp03HXyOrTz WjggEHArRGGeDowFkL7Vj+QNY7ran2lnYVlAQ7Ow6OLl6WttT6lMsgsLUIcsED6G eJ1Ko+ovT1qvmuush1U5R2pHkcCJ1IT2s6uQff85l066K7dCFpaoA1QHUk9zACHj i0DtWuTAWBXirAZSGlmtP6uj1Aw6y5kACDTjIvZJeW/kmswfApTKaJ56eNkJsUBU NpKwt3um1BMZduy0cjUv0Sc3dIbLNyfOdyPn8tX5u5ck0EPdtBB5WjEh71IXdZJD

oaBREV7AHg5ERPQsm0BqSvMQt09KiwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQDG qJyZbv/GUQnm8dEyVYgilQr3Yu35n8sfTwwZ1OJzIVce7NBPWePMfYii/tvGoKNp KwFa/Vugbn1EwqpTEKqkPE1dOZvnUa97XxhYkoW5U7sgdKCANi1KWjywn7MiJ3Eg j4gdqYK8wxvHi21ppqr572UO77ZuA8YMBoBT/CyQzWYUSmbqwKnnzaQBAZeO2iAk VHuNU+9UsntNB676gRl9ag3Wfxq3yx5Ee1CeQf+US3HJn/pKk1H8dExXmBHvHwO6 GKUVNPN1rxfjTiaSt8wuO80uElAnyHIM3VOR8rJO7PKsobyEeJV0WI1hURO+wxpL h3IsW7iBrFVvhX5xx7ZU -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Asia Pacific (Tokyo) — ap-northeast-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIULgwDh7TiDrPPBJwscqDwiBHkEFQwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTEyMjMxMFoXDTI5MDQyODEyMjMxMFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB

UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IULgwDh7Ti DrPPBJwscqDwiBHkEFQwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQBtjAglBde1t4F9EHCZOj4qnY6Gigy07Ou54i+lR77MhbpzE8V28Li9l+YT QMIn6SzJqU3/fIycIro1OVY1lHmaKYgPGSEZxBenSBHfzwDLRmC9oRp4QMe0BjOC gepj1lUoiN7OA6PtA+ycNlsP0oJvdBjhvayLiuM3tUfLTrgHbw== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAL9KIB7Fgvg/MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTA4MTQw OTAwMjVaGA8yMTk1MDExNzA5MDAyNVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAz0djWUcmRW85C5CiCKPFiTIvj6y2OuopFxNE5d3Wtab10bm06vnXVKXu tz3AndG+Dg0zIL0gMlU+QmrSR0PH2PfV9iejfLak9iwdm1WbwRrCEAj5VxPe0Q+I KeznOtxzqQ5Wo5NLE9bA61sziUAFNVsTFUzphEwRohcekYyd3bBC4v/RuAjCXHVx 40z6AIksnAOGN2VABMlTeMNvPItKOCIeRLlllSqXX1gbtL1gxSW40JWdF3WPB68E e+/1U3F7OEr7XqmNODOL6yh92QqZ8fHjG+afOL9Y2Hc4g+P1nk4w4iohQOPABqzb MPjK7B2Rze0f9OEc51GBQu13kxkWWQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQU5DS5IFdU/QwYbikgtWvkU3fDwRgwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AU5DS5 IFdU/QwYbikgtWvkU3fDwRihYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAL9KIB7Fgvg/MBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAG/N7ua8IE9IMyno0n5T57erBvLTOQ79fIJN Mf+mKRM7qRRsdg/eumFft0rLOKo54pJ+Kim2cngCWNhkzctRHBV567AJNt4+ZDG5 hDgV0IxWO1+eaLE4qzqWP/9VrO+p3reuumgFZLVpvVpwXBBeBFUf2drUR14aWfI2 L/6VGINXYs7uP8v/2VBS7r6XZRnPBUy/R4hv5efYXnjwA9gq8+a3stC2ur8m5ySl faKSwE4H320yAyaZWH4gpwUdbUlYgPHtm/ohRtiWPrN7KEG5Wq/REzMIjZCnxOfS 6KR6PNjlhxBsImQhmBvz6j5PLQxOxBZIpDoiK278e/1Wqm9LrBc= -----END CERTIFICATE-----

### Canada (Central) — ca-central-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUIrLgixJJB5C4G8z6pZ5rB0JU2aQwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE1MzU0M1oXDTI5MDQyODE1MzU0M1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUIrLgixJJ B5C4G8z6pZ5rB0JU2aQwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQBHiQJmzyFAaSYs8SpiRijIDZW2RIo7qBKb/pI3rqK6yOWDlPuMr6yNI81D IrKGGftg4Z+2KETYU4x76HSf0s//vfH3QA57qFaAwddhKYy4BhteFQl/Wex3xTlX LiwI07kwJvJy3mS6UfQ4HcvZy219tY+0iyOWrz/jVxwq7TOkCw==

-----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAJNKhJhaJOuMMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNjA3Mjkx MTM3MTdaGA8yMTk2MDEwMjExMzcxN1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAhDUh6j1ACSt057nSxAcwMaGr8Ez87VA2RW2HyY8l9XoHndnxmP50Cqld +26AJtltlqHpI1YdtnZ6OrVgVhXcVtbvte0lZ3ldEzC3PMvmISBhHs6A3SWHA9ln InHbToLX/SWqBHLOX78HkPRaG2k0COHpRy+fG9gvz8HCiQaXCbWNFDHZev9OToNI xhXBVzIa3AgUnGMalCYZuh5AfVRCEeALG60kxMMC8IoAN7+HG+pMdqAhJxGUcMO0 LBvmTGGeWhi04MUZWfOkwn9JjQZuyLg6B1OD4Y6s0LB2P1MovmSJKGY4JcF8Qu3z xxUbl7Bh9pvzFR5gJN1pjM2n3gJEPwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQAJ UNKM+gIIHNk0G0tzv6vZBT+o/vt+tIp8lEoZwaPQh1121iw/I7ZvhMLAigx7eyvf IxUt9/nf8pxWaeGzi98RbSmbap+uxYRynqe1p5rifTamOsguuPrhVpl12OgRWLcT rjg/K60UMXRsmg2w/cxV45pUBcyVb5h6Op5uEVAVq+CVns13ExiQL6kk3guG4+Yq LvP1p4DZfeC33a2Rfre2IHLsJH5D4SdWcYqBsfTpf3FQThH0l0KoacGrXtsedsxs 9aRd7OzuSEJ+mBxmzxSjSwM84Ooh78DjkdpQgv967p3d+8NiSLt3/n7MgnUy6WwB KtDujDnB+ttEHwRRngX7 -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Canada West (Calgary) — ca-west-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7zCCAq +gAwIBAgIGAYPouptUMAkGByqGSM44BAMwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxED U4EddRIpUt9KnC7s5Of2EbdSPO9EAMMeP4C2USZpRV1AIlH7WT2NWPq/ xfW6MPbLm1Vs14E7gB00b/JmYLdrmVClpJ+f6AR7ECLCT7up1/63xhv4O1fnxqimFQ8E +4P208UewwI1VBNaFpEy9nXzrith1yrv8iIDGZ3RSAHHAhUAl2BQjxUjC8yykrmCouuEC/ BYHPUCgYEA9+GghdabPd7LvKtcNrhXuXmUr7v6OuqC+VdMCz0HgmdRWVeOutRZT +ZxBxCBgLRJFnEj6EwoFhO3zwkyjMim4TwWeotUfI0o4KOuHiuzpnWRbqN/C/ohNWLx +2J6ASQ7zKTxvqhRkImog9/hWuWfBpKLZl6Ae1UlZAFMO/7PSSoDgYQAAoGAMITzTJUa6cBsIfdHN69zW/ aHjUB4r1ZfKb1FMhIp9EZtEf5n+06oXjUG2+dKRSlFQeEK333ehNZsPd6uqey6TYKtHpFb5XRLS8BpqB +7gnbAd0CBZM5o4NWesSQ1GLnTdQcGZkYG/ QESkbadoCXQTifCujJE682hTDLIVt1d4ewwCQYHKoZIzjgEAwMvADAsAhRJc4gRS/HWTkCR2MESaQEe/ jOMNQIUNoTwLvuPrmGPupPlGiHe0veZiO8=

-----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICMzCCAZygAwIBAgIGAYPou9weMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIDBBXYXNoaW5n v4XBVH13ZCMgqlRHMqV8AWI5iO6gFn2A9sN3AZXTMqwtZeiDdebq3k6Wt7ieYvpXTg0qvgsjQIovRZWaBDBJy9x8C2hW +w9lMQjFHkJ7Jy/ PHCJ69EzebQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAA4GBAGe9Snkz1A6rHBH6/5kDtYvtPYwhx2sXNxztbhkXErFk40Nw5l4 gvDVtWG7qyb6fAqgoisyAbk8K9LzxSim2S1nmT9vD84B/t/VvwQBylc +ej8kRxMH7fquZLp7IXfmtBzyUqu6Dpbne+chG2 -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJALyTn5IHrIZjMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yMzEyMDcx NTM3MDFaGA8yMjAzMDUxMzE1MzcwMVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA1GP5os424BJmGPCKOSgOclP7lzUiB85du03M4hfjzSOszsBpmBGFDLz1 owYHtIxlq3+Vi1Lt5Qlx3id/ov1QyaBPFWXVeklHVXy9vieCcI3TdjGjTl1W/8MM m3X26QPcsnHM/Kk2wJ7s186MrqmdSsp3SCPpxv4vEG2Q9yR2bXY41hpc2rWlW8qU D0JGXluvmmAdFnto20l1XWZ6xFen1h60DRugek/ufCbN+ljKy0xLqPoavH0Ybjsb UpsAsBs7phaoN+X/5hIERfbp5LfVnqq54pNG5KNu4KynfW9+kA/WS4cJ6FTTN5t+ y0P1HvcL+BL2RuDy6T2bB21xw5WqtQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQURTvu/Dd4zDnmS5G5CfVLnmUBNOswgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AURTvu /Dd4zDnmS5G5CfVLnmUBNOuhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJALyTn5IHrIZjMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAFt523A3Aug6/F8xxyITgA8gkU0btFhlXNSP U4U2OQ9n0tWI9WqnKNWH3KBxwY5EPitU6b3LM4xc9lDWpz7h2Pto+WhxP9LVKe6f r8r7teTLCVZ7cfYZHzHg+flZjVpAgzE5BVfrRlj3QKpv0hYT3J1wMtI++Vorq5Nf aPjzedehJLhmZVALwnfqfLrgv6/gmraP9Vmoa8U4D6AljNiQGYaLwyoPoRm3bUs2 v1Mh9GkEQ1b9+1pFXcqgzJJTGRuiPCyPbECI79FAnx5JM/CkGJV8HlOmjIW1qkK1 Y2qT7wzErrKLJyB53Pw15BdIM1onbDAQreZb0yZQLdoEl/tx7Uk= -----END CERTIFICATE-----

### China (Beijing) — cn-north-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDNjCCAh4CCQD3yZ1w1AVkTzANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFADBcMQswCQYDVQQGEwJV UzEZMBcGA1UECBMQV2FzaGluZ3RvbiBTdGF0ZTEQMA4GA1UEBxMHU2VhdHRsZTEg MB4GA1UEChMXQW1hem9uIFdlYiBTZXJ2aWNlcyBMTEMwIBcNMTUwNTEzMDk1OTE1 WhgPMjE5NDEwMTYwOTU5MTVaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNo aW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24g V2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzCCASIwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEBBQADggEPADCCAQoCggEB AMWk9vyppSmDU3AxZ2Cy2bvKeK3F1UqNpMuyeriizi+NTsZ8tQqtNloaQcqhto/l gsw9+QSnEJeYWnmivJWOBdn9CyDpN7cpHVmeGgNJL2fvImWyWe2f2Kq/BL9l7N7C P2ZT52/sH9orlck1n2zO8xPi7MItgPHQwu3OxsGQsAdWucdxjHGtdchulpo1uJ31 jsTAPKZ3p1/sxPXBBAgBMatPHhRBqhwHO/Twm4J3GmTLWN7oVDds4W3bPKQfnw3r vtBj/SM4/IgQ3xJslFcl90TZbQbgxIi88R/gWTbs7GsyT2PzstU30yLdJhKfdZKz /aIzraHvoDTWFaOdy0+OOaECAwEAATANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFAAOCAQEAdSzN2+0E V1BfR3DPWJHWRf1b7zl+1X/ZseW2hYE5r6YxrLv+1VPf/L5I6kB7GEtqhZUqteY7 zAceoLrVu/7OynRyfQetJVGichaaxLNM3lcr6kcxOowb+WQQ84cwrB3keykH4gRX KHB2rlWSxta+2panSEO1JX2q5jhcFP90rDOtZjlpYv57N/Z9iQ+dvQPJnChdq3BK 5pZlnIDnVVxqRike7BFy8tKyPj7HzoPEF5mh9Kfnn1YoSVu+61lMVv/qRjnyKfS9 c96nE98sYFj0ZVBzXw8Sq4Gh8FiVmFHbQp1peGC19idOUqxPxWsasWxQXO0azYsP 9RyWLHKxH1dMuA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDCzCCAnSgAwIBAgIJALSOMbOoU2svMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0yMzA3MDQw ODM1MzlaFw0yODA3MDIwODM1MzlaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzCBnzANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOBjQAwgYkCgYEA uhhUNlqAZdcWWB/OSDVDGk3OA99EFzOn/mJlmciQ/Xwu2dFJWmSCqEAE6gjufCjQ q3voxAhC2CF+elKtJW/C0Sz/LYo60PUqd6iXF4h+upB9HkOOGuWHXsHBTsvgkgGA 1CGgel4U0Cdq+23eANr8N8m28UzljjSnTlrYCHtzN4sCAwEAAaOB1DCB0TALBgNV HQ8EBAMCB4AwHQYDVR0OBBYEFBkZu3wT27NnYgrfH+xJz4HJaNJoMIGOBgNVHSME gYYwgYOAFBkZu3wT27NnYgrfH+xJz4HJaNJooWCkXjBcMQswCQYDVQQGEwJVUzEZ MBcGA1UECBMQV2FzaGluZ3RvbiBTdGF0ZTEQMA4GA1UEBxMHU2VhdHRsZTEgMB4G A1UEChMXQW1hem9uIFdlYiBTZXJ2aWNlcyBMTEOCCQC0jjGzqFNrLzASBgNVHRMB Af8ECDAGAQH/AgEAMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4GBAECji43p+oPkYqmzll7e8Hgb oADS0ph+YUz5P/bUCm61wFjlxaTfwKcuTR3ytj7bFLoW5Bm7Sa+TCl3lOGb2taon

2h+9NirRK6JYk87LMNvbS40HGPFumJL2NzEsGUeK+MRiWu+Oh5/lJGii3qw4YByx SUDlRyNy1jJFstEZjOhs -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAOtrM5XLDSjCMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTA4MTQx MDAxNDJaGA8yMTk1MDExNzEwMDE0MlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAvVBz+WQNdPiM9S+aUULOQEriTmNDUrjLWLr7SfaOJScBzis5D5ju0jh1 +qJdkbuGKtFX5OTWTm8pWhInX+hIOoS3exC4BaANoa1A3o6quoG+Rsv72qQf8LLH sgEi6+LMlCN9TwnRKOToEabmDKorss4zFl7VSsbQJwcBSfOcIwbdRRaW9Ab6uJHu 79L+mBR3Ea+G7vSDrVIA8goAPkae6jY9WGw9KxsOrcvNdQoEkqRVtHo4bs9fMRHU Etphj2gh4ObXlFN92VtvzD6QBs3CcoFWgyWGvzg+dNG5VCbsiiuRdmii3kcijZ3H Nv1wCcZoEAqH72etVhsuvNRC/xAP8wIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQA8 ezx5LRjzUU9EYWYhyYIEShFlP1qDHs7F4L46/5lc4pL8FPoQm5CZuAF31DJhYi/b fcV7i3n++/ymQbCLC6kAg8DUB7NrcROll5ag8d/JXGzcTCnlDXLXx1905fPNa+jI 0q5quTmdmiSi0taeaKZmyUdhrB+a7ohWdSdlokEIOtbH1P+g5yll3bI2leYE6Tm8 LKbyfK/532xJPqO9abx4Ddn89ZEC6vvWVNDgTsxERg992Wi+/xoSw3XxkgAryIv1 zQ4dQ6irFmXwCWJqc6kHg/M5W+z60S/94+wGTXmp+19U6Rkq5jVMLh16XJXrXwHe 4KcgIS/aQGVgjM6wivVA -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### China (Ningxia) — cn-northwest-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDNjCCAh4CCQD3yZ1w1AVkTzANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFADBcMQswCQYDVQQGEwJV UzEZMBcGA1UECBMQV2FzaGluZ3RvbiBTdGF0ZTEQMA4GA1UEBxMHU2VhdHRsZTEg MB4GA1UEChMXQW1hem9uIFdlYiBTZXJ2aWNlcyBMTEMwIBcNMTUwNTEzMDk1OTE1 WhgPMjE5NDEwMTYwOTU5MTVaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNo aW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24g V2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzCCASIwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEBBQADggEPADCCAQoCggEB AMWk9vyppSmDU3AxZ2Cy2bvKeK3F1UqNpMuyeriizi+NTsZ8tQqtNloaQcqhto/l gsw9+QSnEJeYWnmivJWOBdn9CyDpN7cpHVmeGgNJL2fvImWyWe2f2Kq/BL9l7N7C P2ZT52/sH9orlck1n2zO8xPi7MItgPHQwu3OxsGQsAdWucdxjHGtdchulpo1uJ31 jsTAPKZ3p1/sxPXBBAgBMatPHhRBqhwHO/Twm4J3GmTLWN7oVDds4W3bPKQfnw3r

vtBj/SM4/IgQ3xJslFcl90TZbQbgxIi88R/gWTbs7GsyT2PzstU30yLdJhKfdZKz /aIzraHvoDTWFaOdy0+OOaECAwEAATANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFAAOCAQEAdSzN2+0E V1BfR3DPWJHWRf1b7zl+1X/ZseW2hYE5r6YxrLv+1VPf/L5I6kB7GEtqhZUqteY7 zAceoLrVu/7OynRyfQetJVGichaaxLNM3lcr6kcxOowb+WQQ84cwrB3keykH4gRX KHB2rlWSxta+2panSEO1JX2q5jhcFP90rDOtZjlpYv57N/Z9iQ+dvQPJnChdq3BK 5pZlnIDnVVxqRike7BFy8tKyPj7HzoPEF5mh9Kfnn1YoSVu+61lMVv/qRjnyKfS9 c96nE98sYFj0ZVBzXw8Sq4Gh8FiVmFHbQp1peGC19idOUqxPxWsasWxQXO0azYsP 9RyWLHKxH1dMuA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDCzCCAnSgAwIBAgIJALSOMbOoU2svMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0yMzA3MDQw ODM1MzlaFw0yODA3MDIwODM1MzlaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzCBnzANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOBjQAwgYkCgYEA uhhUNlqAZdcWWB/OSDVDGk3OA99EFzOn/mJlmciQ/Xwu2dFJWmSCqEAE6gjufCjQ q3voxAhC2CF+elKtJW/C0Sz/LYo60PUqd6iXF4h+upB9HkOOGuWHXsHBTsvgkgGA 1CGgel4U0Cdq+23eANr8N8m28UzljjSnTlrYCHtzN4sCAwEAAaOB1DCB0TALBgNV HQ8EBAMCB4AwHQYDVR0OBBYEFBkZu3wT27NnYgrfH+xJz4HJaNJoMIGOBgNVHSME gYYwgYOAFBkZu3wT27NnYgrfH+xJz4HJaNJooWCkXjBcMQswCQYDVQQGEwJVUzEZ MBcGA1UECBMQV2FzaGluZ3RvbiBTdGF0ZTEQMA4GA1UEBxMHU2VhdHRsZTEgMB4G A1UEChMXQW1hem9uIFdlYiBTZXJ2aWNlcyBMTEOCCQC0jjGzqFNrLzASBgNVHRMB Af8ECDAGAQH/AgEAMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4GBAECji43p+oPkYqmzll7e8Hgb oADS0ph+YUz5P/bUCm61wFjlxaTfwKcuTR3ytj7bFLoW5Bm7Sa+TCl3lOGb2taon 2h+9NirRK6JYk87LMNvbS40HGPFumJL2NzEsGUeK+MRiWu+Oh5/lJGii3qw4YByx SUDlRyNy1jJFstEZjOhs -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAPu4ssY3BlzcMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTEyMDMy MTI5MzJaGA8yMTk1MDUwODIxMjkzMlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAsOiGi4A6+YTLzCdIyP8b8SCT2M/6PGKwzKJ5XbSBoL3gsnSWiFYqPg9c uJPNbiy9wSA9vlyfWMd90qvTfiNrT6vewP813QdJ3EENZOx4ERcf/Wd22tV72kxD

yw1Q3I1OMH4bOItGQAxU5OtXCjBZEEUZooOkU8RoUQOU2Pql4NTiUpzWacNutAn5 HHS7MDc4lUlsJqbN+5QW6fFrcNG/0Mrib3JbwdFUNhrQ5j+Yq5h78HarnUivnX/3 Ap+oPbentv1qd7wvPJu556LZuhfqI0TohiIT1Ah+yUdN5osoaMxTHKKtf/CsSJ1F w3qXqFJQA0VWsqjFyHXFI32I/GOupwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQCn Um00QHvUsJSN6KATbghowLynHn3wZSQsuS8E0COpcFJFxP2SV0NYkERbXu0n/Vhi yq5F8v4/bRA2/xpedLWmvFs7QWlomuXhSnYFkd33Z5gnXPb9vRkLwiMSw4uXls35 qQraczUJ9EXDhrv7VmngIk9H3YsxYrlDGEqh/oz4Ze4ULOgnfkauanHikk+BUEsg /jsTD+7e+niEzJPihHdsvKFDlud5pakEzyxovHwNJ1GS2I//yxrJFIL91mehjqEk RLPdNse7N6UvSnuXcOokwu6l6kfzigGkJBxkcq4gre3szZFdCQcUioj7Z4xtuTL8 YMqfiDtN5cbD8R8ojw9Y -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Europe (Frankfurt) — eu-central-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUFD5GsmkxRuecttwsCG763m3u63UwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE1NTUyOVoXDTI5MDQyODE1NTUyOVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx

GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUFD5Gsmkx RuecttwsCG763m3u63UwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQBBh0WaXlBsW56Hqk588MmJxsOrvcKfDjF57RgEDgnGnQaJcStCVWDO9UYO JX2tdsPw+E7AjDqjsuxYaotLn3Mr3mK0sNOXq9BljBnWD4pARg89KZnZI8FN35HQ O/LYOVHCknuPL123VmVRNs51qQA9hkPjvw21UzpDLxaUxt9Z/w== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAKD+v6LeR/WrMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTA4MTQw OTA4MTlaGA8yMTk1MDExNzA5MDgxOVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAka8FLhxs1cSJGK+Q+q/vTf8zVnDAPZ3U6oqppOW/cupCtpwMAQcky8DY Yb62GF7+C6usniaq/9W6xPn/3o//wti0cNt6MLsiUeHqNl5H/4U/Q/fR+GA8pJ+L npqZDG2tFi1WMvvGhGgIbScrjR4VO3TuKy+rZXMYvMRk1RXZ9gPhk6evFnviwHsE jV5AEjxLz3duD+u/SjPp1vloxe2KuWnyC+EKInnka909sl4ZAUh+qIYfZK85DAjm GJP4W036E9wTJQF2hZJrzsiB1MGyC1WI9veRISd30izZZL6VVXLXUtHwVHnVASrS zZDVpzj+3yD5hRXsvFigGhY0FCVFnwIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQUxC2l6pvJaRflgu3MUdN6zTuP6YcwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AUxC2l 6pvJaRflgu3MUdN6zTuP6YehYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAKD+v6LeR/WrMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAIK+DtbUPppJXFqQMv1f2Gky5/82ZwgbbfXa HBeGSii55b3tsyC3ZW5ZlMJ7Dtnr3vUkiWbV1EUaZGOUlndUFtXUMABCb/coDndw CAr53XTv7UwGVNe/AFO/6pQDdPxXn3xBhF0mTKPrOGdvYmjZUtQMSVb9lbMWCFfs w+SwDLnm5NF4yZchIcTs2fdpoyZpOHDXy0xgxO1gWhKTnYbaZOxkJvEvcckxVAwJ obF8NyJla0/pWdjhlHafEXEN8lyxyTTyOa0BGTuYOBD2cTYYynauVKY4fqHUkr3v Z6fboaHEd4RFamShM8uvSu6eEFD+qRmvqlcodbpsSOhuGNLzhOQ= -----END CERTIFICATE-----

### Europe (Ireland) — eu-west-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUakDaQ1Zqy87Hy9ESXA1pFC116HkwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE2MTgxMFoXDTI5MDQyODE2MTgxMFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUakDaQ1Zq y87Hy9ESXA1pFC116HkwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQADIkn/MqaLGPuK5+prZZ5Ox4bBZLPtreO2C7r0pqU2kPM2lVPyYYydkvP0 lgSmmsErGu/oL9JNztDe2oCA+kNy17ehcsf8cw0uP861czNFKCeU8b7FgBbL+sIm qi33rAq6owWGi/5uEcfCR+JP7W+oSYVir5r/yDmWzx+BVH5S/g==

-----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAOrmqHuaUt0vMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTEwMjkw OTA2MTlaGA8yMTk1MDQwMzA5MDYxOVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAjE7nVu+aHLtzp9FYV25Qs1mvJ1JXD7J0iQ1Gs/RirW9a5ZECCtc4ssnf zQHq2JRVr0GRchvDrbm1HaP/avtFQR/Thvfltwu9AROVT22dUOTvERdkNzveoFCy hf52Rqf0DMrLXG8ZmQPPXPDFAv+sVMWCDftcChxRYZ6mP9O+TpgYNT1krD5PdvJU 7HcXrkNHDYqbsg8A+Mu2hzl0QkvUET83Csg1ibeK54HP9w+FsD6F5W+6ZSHGJ88l FI+qYKs7xsjJQYgXWfEt6bbckWs1kZIaIOyMzYdPF6ClYzEec/UhIe/uJyUUNfpT VIsI5OltBbcPF4c7Y20jOIwwI2SgOQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQUF2DgPUZivKQR/Zl8mB/MxIkjZDUwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AUF2Dg PUZivKQR/Zl8mB/MxIkjZDWhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAOrmqHuaUt0vMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAGm6+57W5brzJ3+T8/XsIdLTuiBSe5ALgSqI qnO5usUKAeQsa+kZIJPyEri5i8LEodh46DAF1RlXTMYgXXxl0YggX88XPmPtok17 l4hib/D9/lu4IaFIyLzYNSzsETYWKWoGVe7ZFz60MTRTwY2u8YgJ5dec7gQgPSGj avB0vTIgoW41G58sfw5b+wjXCsh0nROon79RcQFFhGnvup0MZ+JbljyhZUYFzCli 31jPZiKzqWa87xh2DbAyvj2KZrZtTe2LQ48Z4G8wWytJzxEeZdREe4NoETf+Mu5G 4CqoaPR05KWkdNUdGNwXewydb3+agdCgfTs+uAjeXKNdSpbhMYg= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Europe (London) — eu-west-2 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P

hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUCgCV/DPxYNND/swDgEKGiC5I+EwwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE2MjkxNFoXDTI5MDQyODE2MjkxNFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUCgCV/DPx YNND/swDgEKGiC5I+EwwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQATPu/sOE2esNa4+XPEGKlEJSgqzyBSQLQc+VWo6FAJhGG9fp7D97jhHeLC 5vwfmtTAfnGBxadfAOT3ASkxnOZhXtnRna460LtnNHm7ArCVgXKJo7uBn6ViXtFh uEEw4y6p9YaLQna+VC8Xtgw6WKq2JXuKzuhuNKSFaGGw9vRcHg== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJANBx0E2bOCEPMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNjA4MTEx NDU2NDJaGA8yMTk2MDExNTE0NTY0MlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEArYS3mJLGaMrh2DmiPLbqr4Z+xWXTzBWCjOwpsuHE9H6dWUUyl2Bgnu+Z d8QvW306Yleec45M4F2RA3J4hWHtShzsMlOJVRt+YulGeTf9OCPr26QmIFfs5nD4

fgsJQEry2MBSGA9Fxq3Cw6qkWcrOPsCR+bHOU0XykdKl0MnIbpBf0kTfciAupQEA dEHnM2J1L2iI0NTLBgKxy5PXLH9weX20BFauNmHH9/J07OpwL20SN5f8TxcM9+pj Lbk8h1V4KdIwVQpdWkbDL9BCGlYjyadQJxSxz1J343NzrnDM0M4h4HtVaKOS7bQo Bqt2ruopLRCYgcuFHck/1348iAmbRQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQBG wujwU1Otpi3iBgmhjMClgZyMMn0aQIxMigoFNqXMUNx1Mq/e/Tx+SNaOEAu0n2FF aiYjvY0/hXOx75ewzZvM7/zJWIdLdsgewpUqOBH4DXFhbSk2TxggSPb0WRqTBxq5 Ed7F7+7GRIeBbRzdLqmISDnfqey8ufW0ks51XcQNomDIRG5s9XZ5KHviDCar8FgL HngBCdFI04CMagM+pwTO9XN1Ivt+NzUj208ca3oP1IwEAd5KhIhPLcihBQA5/Lpi h1s3170z1JQ1HZbDrH1pgp+8hSI0DwwDVb3IIH8kPR/J0Qn+hvOl2HOpaUg2Ly0E pt1RCZe+W7/dF4zsbqwK -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Europe (Milan) — eu-south-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAqwCCQCMElHPdwG37jAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xOTA0MjkyMDM1MjJaFw00 NTA0MjkyMDM1MjJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbYwggErBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHgKBgQDAkoL4YfdMI/MrQ0oL NPfeEk94eiCQA5xNOnU7+2eVQtEqjFbDADFENh1p3sh9Q9OoheLFH8qpSfNDWn/0 ktCS909ApTY6Esx1ExjGSeQq/U+SC2JSuuTT4WFMKJ63a/czMtFkEPPnVIjJJJmT HJSKSsVUgpdDIRvJXuyB0zdB+wIVALQ3OLaVGdlPMNfS1nD/Yyn+32wnAoGAPBQ3 7XHg5NLOS4326eFRUT+4ornQFjJjP6dp3pOBEzpImNmZTtkCNNUKE4Go9hv5T4lh R0pODvWv0CBupMAZVBP9ObplXPCyEIZtuDqVa7ukPOUpQNgQhLLAqkigTyXVOSmt ECBj9tu5WNP/x3iTZTHJ+g0rhIqpgh012UwJpKADgYQAAoGAV1OEQPYQUg5/M3xf 6vE7jKTxxyFWEyjKfJK7PZCzOIGrE/swgACy4PYQW+AwcUweSlK/Hx2OaZVUKzWo wDUbeu65DcRdw2rSwCbBTU342sitFo/iGCV/Gjf+BaiAJtxniZze7J1ob8vOBeLv uaMQmgOYeZ5e0fl04GtqPl+lhcQwCQYHKoZIzjgEAwMwADAtAhQdoeWLrkm0K49+ AeBK+j6m2h9SKQIVAIBNhS2a8cQVABDCQXVXrc0tOmO8 -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICNjCCAZ+gAwIBAgIJAOZ3GEIaDcugMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xOTEwMjQx NTE5MDlaGA8yMTk5MDMyOTE1MTkwOVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT

EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUAA4GNADCBiQKB gQCjiPgW3vsXRj4JoA16WQDyoPc/eh3QBARaApJEc4nPIGoUolpAXcjFhWplo2O+ ivgfCsc4AU9OpYdAPha3spLey/bhHPRi1JZHRNqScKP0hzsCNmKhfnZTIEQCFvsp DRp4zr91/WS06/flJFBYJ6JHhp0KwM81XQG59lV6kkoW7QIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3 DQEBCwUAA4GBAGLLrY3P+HH6C57dYgtJkuGZGT2+rMkk2n81/abzTJvsqRqGRrWv XRKRXlKdM/dfiuYGokDGxiC0Mg6TYy6wvsR2qRhtXW1OtZkiHWcQCnOttz+8vpew wx8JGMvowtuKB1iMsbwyRqZkFYLcvH+Opfb/Aayi20/ChQLdI6M2R5VU -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJAO/+DgYF78KwMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xOTA0Mjky MDM1MjJaGA8yMTk4MTAwMjIwMzUyMlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAv1ZLV+Z/P6INq+R1qLkzETBg7sFGKPiwHekbpuB6lrRxKHhj8V9vaReM lnv1Ur5LAPpMPYDsuJ4WoUbPYAqVqyMAo7ikJHCCM1cXgZJefgN6z9bpS+uA3YVh V/0ipHh/X2hc2S9wvxKWiSHu6Aq9GVpqL035tJQD+NJuqFd+nXrtcw4yGtmvA6wl 5Bjn8WdsP3xOTKjrByYY1BhXpP/f1ohU9jE9dstsRXLa+XTgTPWcWdCS2oRTWPGR c5Aeh47nnDsyQfP9gLxHeYeQItV/BD9kU/2Hn6mnRg/B9/TYH8qzlRTzLapXp4/5 iNwusrTNexGl8BgvAPrfhjDpdgYuTwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQB7 5ya11K/hKgvaRTvZwVV8GlVZt0CGPtNvOi4AR/UN6TMm51BzUB5nurB4z0R2MoYO Uts9sLGvSFALJ4otoB77hyNpH3drttU1CVVwal/yK/RQLSon/IoUkaGEbqalu+mH nYad5IG4tEbmepX456XXcO58MKmnczNbPyw3FRzUZQtI/sf94qBwJ1Xo6XbzPKMy xjL57LHIZCssD+XPifXay69OFlsCIgLim11HgPkRIHEOXLSf3dsW9r+4CjoZqB/Z jj/P4TLCxbYCLkvglwaMjgEWF40Img0fhx7yT2X92MiSrs3oncv/IqfdVTiN8OXq jgnq1bf+EZEZKvb6UCQV -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Europe (Paris) — eu-west-3 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u

IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUaC9fX57UDr6u1vBvsCsECKBZQyIwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE2MzczOFoXDTI5MDQyODE2MzczOFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUaC9fX57U Dr6u1vBvsCsECKBZQyIwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQCARv1bQEDaMEzYI0nPlu8GHcMXgmgA94HyrXhMMcaIlQwocGBs6VILGVhM TXP2r3JFaPEpmXSQNQHvGA13clKwAZbni8wtzv6qXb4L4muF34iQRHF0nYrEDoK7 mMPR8+oXKKuPO/mv/XKo6XAV5DDERdSYHX5kkA2R9wtvyZjPnQ== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJALWSfgHuT/ARMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNzA1MzEx MTE4MTZaGA8yMTk2MTEwMzExMTgxNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT

EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAy5V7KDqnEvF3DrSProFcgu/oL+QYD62b1U+Naq8aPuljJe127Sm9WnWA EBdOSASkOaQ9fzjCPoG5SGgWKxYoZjsevHpmzjVv9+Ci+F57bSuMbjgUbvbRIFUB bxQojVoXQPHgK5v433ODxkQ4sjRyUbf4YV1AFdfU7zabC698YgPVOExGhXPlTvco 8mlc631ubw2g52j0lzaozUkHPSbknTomhQIvO6kUfX0e0TDMH4jLDG2ZIrUB1L4r OWKG4KetduFrRZyDHF6ILZu+s6ywiMicUd+2UllDFC6oas+a8D11hmO/rpWU/ieV jj4rWAFrsebpn+Nhgy96iiVUGS2LuQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQDE iYv6FQ6knXCg+svlcaQG9q59xUC5z8HvJZ1+SxzPKKC4PKQdKvIIfE8GxVXqlZG1 cl5WKTFDMapnzb9RV/DTaVzWx3cMYT77vm1Hl1XGjhx611CGcENH1egI3lOTILsa +KfopuJEQQ9TDMAIkGjhA+KieU/U5Ctv9fdej6d0GC6OEuwKkTNzPWue6UMq8d4H 2xqJboWsE1t4nybEosvZfQJcZ8jyIYcYBnsG13vCLM+ixjuU5MVVQNMY/gBJzqJB V+U0QiGiuT5cYgY/QihxdHt99zwGaE0ZBC7213NKrlNuLSrqhDI2NLu8NsExqOFy OmY0v/xVmQUQl26jJXaM -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Europe (Spain) — eu-south-2 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC8DCCAq +gAwIBAgIGAXjwLk46MAkGByqGSM44BAMwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxED U4EddRIpUt9KnC7s5Of2EbdSPO9EAMMeP4C2USZpRV1AIlH7WT2NWPq/ xfW6MPbLm1Vs14E7gB00b/JmYLdrmVClpJ+f6AR7ECLCT7up1/63xhv4O1fnxqimFQ8E +4P208UewwI1VBNaFpEy9nXzrith1yrv8iIDGZ3RSAHHAhUAl2BQjxUjC8yykrmCouuEC/ BYHPUCgYEA9+GghdabPd7LvKtcNrhXuXmUr7v6OuqC+VdMCz0HgmdRWVeOutRZT +ZxBxCBgLRJFnEj6EwoFhO3zwkyjMim4TwWeotUfI0o4KOuHiuzpnWRbqN/C/ohNWLx +2J6ASQ7zKTxvqhRkImog9/hWuWfBpKLZl6Ae1UlZAFMO/7PSSoDgYQAAoGAGG2m8EKmaf5qQqj3Z +rzSaTaXE3B/R/4A2VuGqRYR7MljPtwdmU6/3CPjCACcZmTIcOAKbFiDHqadQgBZXfzGpzw8Zo +eYmmk5fXycgnj57PYH1dIWU6I7mCbAah5MZMcmHaTmIsomGrhcnWB8d8qOU7oZ0UWK4lbiAQs1MihoUwCQYHKoZIzjg WmbaU7YM5GwCFCvIJOesO5hZ8PHC52dAR8WWC6oe -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICMzCCAZygAwIBAgIGAXjwLkiaMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIDBBXYXNoaW5n VvR1+45Aey5zn3vPk6xBm5o9grSDL6D2iAuprQnfVXn8CIbSDbWFhA3fi5ippjKkh3sl8VyCvCOUXKdOaNrYBrPRkrdH +3m/ rxIUZ2IK1fDlC6sWAjddf6sBrV2w2a78H0H8EwuwiSgttURBjwJ7KPPJCqaqrQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAA4GB +FzqQDzun/

iMMzcFucmLMl5BxEblrFXOz7IIuOeiGkndmrqUeDCykztLku45s7hxdNy4ltTuVAaE5aNBdw5J8U1mRvsKvHLy2ThH6h +hBgiphYp84DUbWVYeP8YqLEJSqscKscWC -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJALWSmO6DvSpQMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yMjA3MTgx MzU4NDNaGA8yMjAxMTIyMjEzNTg0M1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAuAAhuSpsHC00/fD2zNlBDpNLRndi9qbHsNeuz3WqN7Samj2aSrM2hS+i hUxx0BspZj0tZCOsbpPZ+i74NOEQtFeqQoEGvKhB1nJiF4y5I81HDhs5qHvoIivm 7rbbik3zgm1PqS/DmDjVQaXPcD31Rd9ILwBmWEwJqHigyNVlxYtCzTQcrlBrvNZM dnNgCDAdX/HBEFxx9O12xeu0bSt0s+PJWZ1RTbYrNe7LIH6ntUqHxP/ziQ5trXEZ uqy7aWk1L8uK4jmyNph0lbaqBa3Y6pYmU1nC27UE4i3fnPB0LSiAr+SrwVvX1g4z ilo8kr+tbIF+JmcgYLBvO8Jwp+EUqQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQUwvGzKJL9A5LReJ4Fxo5K6I20xcowgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AUwvGz KJL9A5LReJ4Fxo5K6I20xcqhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJALWSmO6DvSpQMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAJAZd31jyoTGLawAD2+v/vQsaB9vZIx5EImi G8YGkd61uFWeNhAmtrwyE/i6FDSIphDrMHBkvw/D3BsqK+Ev/JOK/VYuaYDx/8fp H4cwp9jC57CXzdIDREWNf6M9PsHFg2WA9XNNtClOZL5WJiJwel8eDSg+sqJUxE0l MW+QChq/20F6niyaRK4bXrZq14as7h+F9u3A9xHEOVP7Zk9C2ehrBXzCMLSDt3GV fEuMea2RxMhozwz34Hkdb6j18qoCfygubulovRNQjKw/cEmgPR16KfZPP5caILVt 9qkYPvePmbiVswZDee73cDymJYxLqILpOZwyXvUH8StiH42FHZQ= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Europe (Stockholm) — eu-north-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e

ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUN1c9U6U/xiVDFgJcYKZB4NkH1QEwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE2MDYwM1oXDTI5MDQyODE2MDYwM1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUN1c9U6U/ xiVDFgJcYKZB4NkH1QEwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQBTIQdoFSDRHkpqNPUbZ9WXR2O5v/9bpmHojMYZb3Hw46wsaRso7STiGGX/ tRqjIkPUIXsdhZ3+7S/RmhFznmZc8e0bjU4n5vi9CJtQSt+1u4E17+V2bF+D3h/7 wcfE0l3414Q8JaTDtfEf/aF3F0uyBvr4MDMd7mFvAMmDmBPSlA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJALc/uRxg++EnMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xODA0MTAx NDAwMTFaGA8yMTk3MDkxMzE0MDAxMVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB

CgKCAQEAzwCGJEJIxqtr2PD2a1mA6LhRzKhTBa1AZsg3eYfpETXIVlrpojMfvVoN qHvGshWLgrGTT6os/3gsaADheSaJKavxwX3X6tJA8fvEGqr3a1C1MffH9hBWbQqC LbfUTAbkwis4GdTUwOwPjT1Cm3u9R/VzilCNwkj7iQ65AFAI8Enmsw3UGldEsop4 yChKB3KW3WI0FTh0+gD0YtjrqqYJxpGOYBpJp5vwdd3fZ4t1vidmDMs7liv4f9Bx p0oSmUobU4GUlFhBchK1DukICVQdnOVzdMonYm7s+HtpFbVHR8yf6QoixBKGdSal mBf7+y0ixjCn0pnC0VLVooGo4mi17QIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQDG 4ONZiixgk2sjJctwbyD5WKLTH6+mxYcDw+3y/F0fWz561YORhP2FNnPOmEkf0Sl/ Jqk4svzJbCbQeMzRoyaya/46d7UioXMHRZam5IaGBhOdQbi97R4VsQjwQj0RmQsq yDueDyuKTwWLK9KnvI+ZA6e6bRkdNGflK4N8GGKQ+fBhPwVELkbT9f16OJkezeeN S+F/gDADGJgmPXfjogICb4Kvshq0H5Lm/xZlDULF2g/cYhyNY6EOI/eS5m1I7R8p D/m6WoyZdpInxJfxW616OMkxQMRVsruLTNGtby3u1g6ScjmpFtvAMhYejBSdzKG4 FEyxIdEjoeO1jhTsck3R -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Europe (Zurich) — eu-central-2 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7zCCAq +gAwIBAgIGAXjXiKJnMAkGByqGSM44BAMwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxED U4EddRIpUt9KnC7s5Of2EbdSPO9EAMMeP4C2USZpRV1AIlH7WT2NWPq/ xfW6MPbLm1Vs14E7gB00b/JmYLdrmVClpJ+f6AR7ECLCT7up1/63xhv4O1fnxqimFQ8E +4P208UewwI1VBNaFpEy9nXzrith1yrv8iIDGZ3RSAHHAhUAl2BQjxUjC8yykrmCouuEC/ BYHPUCgYEA9+GghdabPd7LvKtcNrhXuXmUr7v6OuqC+VdMCz0HgmdRWVeOutRZT +ZxBxCBgLRJFnEj6EwoFhO3zwkyjMim4TwWeotUfI0o4KOuHiuzpnWRbqN/C/ohNWLx +2J6ASQ7zKTxvqhRkImog9/hWuWfBpKLZl6Ae1UlZAFMO/7PSSoDgYQAAoGAYNjaCNg/ cfgQOl1BUj5ClUulqwZ9Q+SfDzPZh9D2C0VbiRANiZoxrV8RdgmzzC5T7VcriVwjwvta2Ch// b+sZ86E5h0XWWr+BeEjD9cu3eDj12XB5sWEbNHNx49p5Tmtu5r2LDtlL8X/ Rpfalu2Z2OJgjFJWGf7hRwxe456n +lowCQYHKoZIzjgEAwMvADAsAhRChsLcj4U5CVb2cp5M0RE1XbXmhAIUeGSnH+aiUQIWmPEFja+itWDufIk= -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICMzCCAZygAwIBAgIGAXjSGFGiMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIDBBXYXNoaW5n opKZAUusJx2hpgU3pUHhlp9ATh/VeVD582jTd9IY +8t5MDa6Z3fGliByEiXz0LEHdi8MBacLREu1TwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAA4GBAILlpoE3k9o7KdALAxsFJNit +g3RMzdbiFM+7MA63Nv5fsf+0xgcjSNBElvPCDKFvTJl4QQhToy056llO5GvdS9RK +H8xrP2mrqngApoKTApv93vHBixgFSn5KrczRO0YSm3OjkqbydU7DFlmkXXR7GYE+5jbHvQHYiT1J5sMu -----END CERTIFICATE-----

RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJALvT012pxTxNMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yMjA3MTgx NTEyMDdaGA8yMjAxMTIyMjE1MTIwN1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAyn+Lsnq1ykrfYlZkk6aAAYNReNd9Iw8AUwCBkgOr2eBiBBepYxHwU85N ++moQ+j0EV2VaahBeTLShGZZS1HsyK8+cYT2QzpghIoamcYhrPXyIxlWiRQlaqSg OFiE9bsqL3rCF5Vz+tOiTe5W/7ojfOFls6++g7ZpobwJlpMbuJepqyeHMPyjvO5A age81lJewc4bxo2ntaW0HCqNksqfYB78j6X6kn3PFpX7FaYAwZA+Xx6C7UCY7rNi UdQzfAo8htfJi4chz7frpUdQ9kl3IOQrsLshBB5fFUjl09NiFipCGBwi+8ZMeSn1 5qwBI01BWXPfG7WX6Owyjhmh6JtE1wIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQU8HN4vvJrsZgPQeksMBgJb9xR1yYwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AU8HN4 vvJrsZgPQeksMBgJb9xR1yahYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJALvT012pxTxNMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAGlHYDtcHpfBvdHx9HeQE8HgNugJUPdEqxun t9U33p8VFrs+uLPtrOd9HDJEGvvs5h84EUie/oGJxRt7V1Vlid1PvHf6cRmpjgqY YdggAVkZtY/PnFVmzf2bMVlSQPrqCl7U0zaw2Kvnj4zgX0rZyCetgrRZSUSxotyp 978Wy9ccXwVSeYG/YAr5rJpS6ZH7eRQvUY0IzwFNeaOPgOTEVpcjWlV6+MQEvsEx W85q+s6AVr49eppEx8SLJsl0C23yB+L+t32tAveQImRWtJMpzZ5cxh/sYgDVeoC0 85H1NK/7H9fAzT1cPu1oHSnB0xYzzHGOAmXmusMfwUk8fL1RQkE= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Israel (Tel Aviv) — il-central-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7zCCAq+gAwIBAgIGAX0QPi +9MAkGByqGSM44BAMwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcMB1NlYX U4EddRIpUt9KnC7s5Of2EbdSPO9EAMMeP4C2USZpRV1AIlH7WT2NWPq/ xfW6MPbLm1Vs14E7gB00b/JmYLdrmVClpJ+f6AR7ECLCT7up1/63xhv4O1fnxqimFQ8E +4P208UewwI1VBNaFpEy9nXzrith1yrv8iIDGZ3RSAHHAhUAl2BQjxUjC8yykrmCouuEC/ BYHPUCgYEA9+GghdabPd7LvKtcNrhXuXmUr7v6OuqC+VdMCz0HgmdRWVeOutRZT +ZxBxCBgLRJFnEj6EwoFhO3zwkyjMim4TwWeotUfI0o4KOuHiuzpnWRbqN/C/ohNWLx +2J6ASQ7zKTxvqhRkImog9/ hWuWfBpKLZl6Ae1UlZAFMO/7PSSoDgYQAAoGAbazCL5XXyPmcw3+oMYQUF5/9YogW6D0FZbYuyPgjOoUwWdl6fjlzWca

pq+l1ezuK2DFOzNTEyPEwwCQYHKoZIzjgEAwMvADAsAhRt1jkpXsvrS +xTo2M9h2s2uLAhEQIUOZ2FcnTSrshF2EIdixZZwtNv66Q= -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICMzCCAZygAwIBAgIGAX0QQGVLMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIDBBXYXNoaW5n +S8vOy5hpLoRe4RkOrY0cM3bN07GdEMlin5mU0y1t8y3ct4YewvmkgT42kTyMM +t1K4S0xsqjXxxS716uGYh7eWtkxrCihj8AbXN/6pa095h +7TZyl2n83keiNUzM2KoqQVMwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAA4GBADwA6VVEIIZD2YL00F12po40xDLzIc9XvqFPS FmU7H8s62/jD6cOR1A1cClIyZUe1yT1ZbPySCs43J+Thr8i8FSRxzDBSZZi5foW -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAOVp1h2I9wW7MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yMjA3MTUx MjQ0MTJaGA8yMjAxMTIxOTEyNDQxMlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA13PkyWvl61iV/SYfO1UFO76UpDfPm2SF/Rz/o33cm699X++EYPxTnoEc vmWeS0I7eDXc4OCUiToG0sEx0klE0CX1Z1tK6qJ+zgWQLZ9SZEC9H0NsSA6LhrHu Nq0dzeK3LjhdfcX46/4GqdiptpdTuM4m/hOQ5yx4JMQ/n1sdpv4M5VLRWwWW9Lem ufb79Id7O9SispxgRsz1KXIjp7N9S4BY7itSXz97uSyzTqEjWZ6mDUhTu3t21GKC 6flALGTTrG2yghEhz53rkvLsvwzjPSSlT6LIf0mrRPzHaf+EdaKoasElE1SHh+ZH 9mI81HywpE+HZ+W+5hBCvjYp90Y1fwIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQU58tN2JO+yEGq5JbIXxGi4vRVPyIwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AU58tN 2JO+yEGq5JbIXxGi4vRVPyKhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAOVp1h2I9wW7MBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBANBN0e1EqNy4+IU2yQzMJ+Wy5ZIOtTP6GSBR 7muVY1bDeAwtNTEOpwgrZVlC7/xq5Q0LC1y0Z70hHXEf8au7qStaAoUtxzvhTAZI NC0lwoFU56UFw4N0vZII17iqEfoqRC4PpI3OxqEJHFy0VLlvAzJoKB4QLLqDAYVA LXCiOLoVT+y9tRYsxw5MyO0Bi6fxQIIADl2bE9xkunTN1Jkkwqo3LxNy/ryz4QWR 8K7jHUItifv4h/hxBKpHEquN8CkdvM9oeGl7I8PFrSFEpGr1euDXY0euZzzYiDBV m6GpTJgzpVsEuIX52dPcPemwQncoIfZyhWDW85MJUnby2WTEcFo= -----END CERTIFICATE-----

### Mexico (Central) — mx-central-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7zCCAq8CCQD4QwfTExrgxTAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDExMTQwOTQ4MjRaGA8y MDUwMTExNTA5NDgyNFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0 b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIg U2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBtzCCASwGByqGSM44BAEwggEfAoGBAK+pJEOtD2RFlCbf oAzONffZa42FB8G6OA/30DT81xWvB2Hnmgw7LfiELYqgfuck3YSDffNDcmiFTJuX AU9u0NtbbxcOytcdUq4HInpHiB85I6WWWKYB66aGbvYowUPpqBZkASb1i/pYAh5W nNYvx408008tTzqpMfZDchJHzWqBAhUA0ogoJzTw2/4pKhz9aqTsRCzRVPsCgYEA qklRUcuU0du/bT/M6kWxYvrTGhO9KXQe+7RtbaIq4dWRsCBnO4smDY/GmI9H8ew1 LRJ9AcLGmxDm795CvVZkHNcht7PDAREagWmz2YvhLA+ev6U0RpfdlBXCck2p1CxQ LMtoFO7DThksHIQBtnlQdHDvguKEZQz/Iobhne6Kb3wDgYQAAoGAQSTlOqFq6RtR Jvp406XhGl+eO9SQUpevpzG3Dzbdy6EQ8PBJDOHHJvxbebvpnQssh0CnQfTkSw26 jwPy9V5zRC0ZezwnRTyGSJwiErUKDGeVekEAoNJL1USy8jKkgBajlskZrR+0JHDN Jv3UwYIPplc4ZS2f2E7btrtlaWt/P70wCQYHKoZIzjgEAwMvADAsAhRXljPWKWYf 61DkDVdgPPHsS2/LuwIUejcGV9WuS3uPvJ6lmn4opxUGBZw= -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICPzCCAaigAwIBAgIUCmzpTTMBQYItpMC2VDYsZfIAS7IwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcMB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoMF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQwMjEyNTAzNloXDTI5MDQwMTEyNTAzNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcMB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoMF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQDfvOnCzm1iN58Nm7k6ehoy6v0lnnFI617D6CY3bfuq01RCdEQL 96+pYawJieTH8JAQKj02CAa3AeaqdXTE/pDhI/YKLreeMb4K68WMn24Wjjs6oxjB bAmsKXtt9ihKHGBFNUhgFrNFYyA2i7ieJviwpHjQ/XgXiG2u1/t/4VydUwIDAQAB MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4GBAL5+vvj4lhaE+J5tuCqV3XJzDd97lsD4le2O2uGw P0sGdUcRAdxzU3Bwq/hhtzNWnfwo0aCEQKmLM7xyd3nUa0VvKXLq+DDuayipWINr OATnNxFRe99d38qHTR1dgkjZdKbbtnl6O4fgM57tVEuQJd/N4ILl9jaRcJ5Ip+9t 3y5t -----END CERTIFICATE-----

RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJALxuE00HoJomMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDEwMzEx MTE0MzNaGA8yMjA0MDQwNjExMTQzM1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEA13xWucALo8M/TXbZJgHrqFqFON91dSLPE/eLbmeIJbP1pb9ICd33qKAx HlKSrXI9b9YS3U1Pl0bF3ZgfeE/x4Y0KDDZwzpf07H8IgRittULJoNLYVKCJXWPq Ky1qvDJX3653dUbUu9eAdVCTRgk7eKpPBLAmW27+pgAGzEYrVV3u2AvqNTonvfTU sPgEVnAL1J490pNM85KtFynxFTWGigHkd3BHidxmLrTH4I4eRxNZ9q/3gsDW+zKt jQlpM7JzZa2OqxsF5YQDh1fF52Emqsr+ufLeGqDLOgT1QWcqpz57AX8GqZpgZULo itCRNXbQDzZY9FxIgpiFJv3y/qYYDQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQCt MTeH4EgqjJEjb1qm5tzXYurLprVrEVQ+PhGXJFJd3xAZyeaDVYy7kio08E2xhmHd HtkBDty2KnOHsTQmeAJCci7d4tYXZ/1qe341wwm9OoFcO8jhIndx6FXJCgQUY4dL AAr9HQJFWG5dMZgbi1Zuhxdio3sSoOBjL2p7QIsGNkITvCDIs/H0/szpJnyyyIqu wmUhSel5hdy5MwOsyUKVGnAdaS5Vd9oL4kLszS9nBZ7ny6BC9odIkFAdGqQ5vM4z vcbfOq14hjatQmJgJhksN/0Dpl78Gheq0pIhP8LTkAOEG2832nQLzCa3oxSk8otG GJXkzzyQjse+13r8+yNJ -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Middle East (Bahrain) — me-south-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7jCCAq4CCQCVWIgSmP8RhTAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xOTAyMDUxMzA2MjFaFw00 NTAyMDUxMzA2MjFaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbgwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQDcwojQfgWdV1QliO0B 8n6cLZ38VE7ZmrjZ9OQV//Gst6S1h7euhC23YppKXi1zovefSDwFU54zi3/oJ++q PHlP1WGL8IZ34BUgRTtG4TVolvp0smjkMvyRu5hIdKtzjV93Ccx15gVgyk+o1IEG fZ2Kbw/Dd8JfoPS7KaSCmJKxXQIVAIZbIaDFRGa2qcMkW2HWASyNDl7bAoGBANtz IdhfMq+l2I5iofY2oj3HI21Kj3LtZrWEg3W+/4rVhL3lTm0Nne1rl9yGujrjQwy5 Zp9V4A/w9w2O10Lx4K6hj34Eefy/aQnZwNdNhv/FQP7Az0fju+Yl6L13OOHQrL0z Q+9cF7zEosekEnBQx3v6psNknKgD3Shgx+GO/LpCA4GFAAKBgQCVS7m77nuNAlZ8 wvUqcooxXMPkxJFl54NxAsAul9KP9KN4svm0O3Zrb7t2FOtXRM8zU3TqMpryq1o5 mpMPsZDg6RXo9BF7Hn0DoZ6PJTamkFA6md+NyTJWJKvXC7iJ8fGDBJqTciUHuCKr

12AztQ8bFWsrTgTzPE3p6U5ckcgV1TAJBgcqhkjOOAQDAy8AMCwCFB2NZGWm5EDl 86ayV3c1PEDukgQIAhQow38rQkN/VwHVeSW9DqEshXHjuQ== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDPDCCAqWgAwIBAgIJAMl6uIV/zqJFMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMHIxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRMwEQYDVQQIDApXYXNoaW5ndG9uMRAwDgYDVQQHDAdTZWF0dGxlMSAw HgYDVQQKDBdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzEaMBgGA1UEAwwRZWMyLmFt YXpvbmF3cy5jb20wIBcNMTkwNDI2MTQzMjQ3WhgPMjE5ODA5MjkxNDMyNDdaMHIx CzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRMwEQYDVQQIDApXYXNoaW5ndG9uMRAwDgYDVQQHDAdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKDBdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzEaMBgGA1UEAwwR ZWMyLmFtYXpvbmF3cy5jb20wgZ8wDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEBBQADgY0AMIGJAoGBALVN CDTZEnIeoX1SEYqq6k1BV0ZlpY5y3KnoOreCAE589TwS4MX5+8Fzd6AmACmugeBP Qk7Hm6b2+g/d4tWycyxLaQlcq81DB1GmXehRkZRgGeRge1ePWd1TUA0I8P/QBT7S gUePm/kANSFU+P7s7u1NNl+vynyi0wUUrw7/wIZTAgMBAAGjgdcwgdQwHQYDVR0O BBYEFILtMd+T4YgH1cgc+hVsVOV+480FMIGkBgNVHSMEgZwwgZmAFILtMd+T4YgH 1cgc+hVsVOV+480FoXakdDByMQswCQYDVQQGEwJVUzETMBEGA1UECAwKV2FzaGlu Z3RvbjEQMA4GA1UEBwwHU2VhdHRsZTEgMB4GA1UECgwXQW1hem9uIFdlYiBTZXJ2 aWNlcyBMTEMxGjAYBgNVBAMMEWVjMi5hbWF6b25hd3MuY29tggkAyXq4hX/OokUw DAYDVR0TBAUwAwEB/zANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFAAOBgQBhkNTBIFgWFd+ZhC/LhRUY 4OjEiykmbEp6hlzQ79T0Tfbn5A4NYDI2icBP0+hmf6qSnIhwJF6typyd1yPK5Fqt NTpxxcXmUKquX+pHmIkK1LKDO8rNE84jqxrxRsfDi6by82fjVYf2pgjJW8R1FAw+ mL5WQRFexbfB5aXhcMo0AA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJANZkFlQR2rKqMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xOTAyMDUx MzA2MjBaGA8yMTk4MDcxMTEzMDYyMFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAy4Vnit2eBpEjKgOKBmyupJzJAiT4fr74tuGJNwwa+Is2vH12jMZn9Il1 UpvvEUYTIboIgISpf6SJ5LmV5rCv4jT4a1Wm0kjfNbiIlkUi8SxZrPypcw24m6ke BVuxQZrZDs+xDUYIZifTmdgD50u5YE+TLg+YmXKnVgxBU6WZjbuK2INohi71aPBw 2zWUR7Gr/ggIpf635JLU3KIBLNEmrkXCVSnDFlsK4eeCrB7+UNak+4BwgpuykSGG Op9+2vsuNqFeU1l9daQeG9roHR+4rIWSPa0opmMxv5nctgypOrE6zKXx2dNXQldd VULv+WH7s6Vm4+yBeG8ctPYH5GOo+QIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQBs ZcViiZdFdpcXESZP/KmZNDxB/kktlIEIhsQ+MNn29jayE5oLmtGjHj5dtA3XNKlr

f6PVygVTKbtQLQqunRT83e8+7iCZMKI5ev7pITUQVvTUwI+Fc01JkYZxRFlVBuFA WGZO+98kxCS4n6tTwVt+nSuJr9BJRVC17apfHBgSS8c5OWna0VU/Cc9ka4eAfQR4 7pYSDU3wSRE01cs30q34lXZ629IyFirSJ5TTOIc0osNL7vwMQYj8HOn4OBYqxKy8 ZJyvfXsIPh0Na76PaBIs6ZlqAOflLrjGzxBPiwRM/XrGmF8ze4KzoUqJEnK13O6A KHKgfiigQZ1+gv5FlyXH -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### Middle East (UAE) — me-central-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7zCCAq +gAwIBAgIGAXjXhqnnMAkGByqGSM44BAMwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgMEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxED U4EddRIpUt9KnC7s5Of2EbdSPO9EAMMeP4C2USZpRV1AIlH7WT2NWPq/ xfW6MPbLm1Vs14E7gB00b/JmYLdrmVClpJ+f6AR7ECLCT7up1/63xhv4O1fnxqimFQ8E +4P208UewwI1VBNaFpEy9nXzrith1yrv8iIDGZ3RSAHHAhUAl2BQjxUjC8yykrmCouuEC/ BYHPUCgYEA9+GghdabPd7LvKtcNrhXuXmUr7v6OuqC+VdMCz0HgmdRWVeOutRZT +ZxBxCBgLRJFnEj6EwoFhO3zwkyjMim4TwWeotUfI0o4KOuHiuzpnWRbqN/C/ohNWLx +2J6ASQ7zKTxvqhRkImog9/hWuWfBpKLZl6Ae1UlZAFMO/7PSSoDgYQAAoGAW+csuHsWp/7/ pv8CTKFwxsYudxuR6rbWaHCykIeAydXL9AWnphK6yp1ODEMBFl68Xq8Hp23sOWyf8moOhqCom9+0+ovuUFdpvCie86bp TOZU568Ty1ff3dDWbdRzeNQRHodRG+XEQSizMkAreeWt4kBa+PUwCQYHKoZIzjgEAwMvADAsAhQD3Z +XGmzKmgaLgGcVX/Qf1+Tn4QIUH1cgksBSVKbWj81tovBMJeKgdYo= -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICMzCCAZygAwIBAgIGAXjRrnDjMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIDBBXYXNoaW5n KyA6zyruJQrYy00a6wqLA7eeUzk3bMiTkLsTeDQfrkaZMfBAjGaaOymRo1C3qzE4rIenmahvUplu9ZmLwL1idWXMRX2R +d2SeoKOKQWoc2UOFZMHYxDue7zkyk1CIRaBukTeY13/ RIrlc6X61zJ5BBtZXlHwayjQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAA4GBABTqTy3R6RXKPW45FA+cgo7YZEj/ Cnz5YaoUivRRdX2A83BHuBTvJE2+WX00FTEj4hRVjameE1nENoO8Z7fUVloAFDlDo69fhkJeSvn51D1WRrPnoWGgEfr1 B+Wqm3kVEz/QNcz6npmA6 -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAM4h7b1CVhqqMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yMjA0MTEx

MDE1MDNaGA8yMjAxMDkxNTEwMTUwM1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEApybTWfMOhSoMpqPo72eqAmnn1dXGZM+G8EoZXzwHwT/+IHEXNB4q5N6k tudYLre1bJxuzEw+iProSHjmb9bB9YscRTofjVhBlt35Fc+i8BaMeH94SR/eE8QO mll8gnLNW3d62lyuhzuyv1e5wVlRqzYw+X2zRH4/wRDOCOpzjKoHIgyPKsMgwsw5 aTZhNMsGxZN9dbkf0iCGeQLDytwU/JTh/HqvSr3VfUOapTJJiyAxoCtZWgp1/7wC RvOCSMRJobpUqxZgl/VsttwNkikSFz1wGkcYeSQvk+odbnYQckA8tdddoVI56eD4 qtREQvfpMAX5v7fcqLexl5d5vH8uZQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQUOadrbTs+OhzwoAgUJ7RqQNdwufkwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AUOadr bTs+OhzwoAgUJ7RqQNdwufmhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAM4h7b1CVhqqMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAICTdAOGEOnII8HaGCpCB8us/hGFaLptJaAf D5SJAyVy66/mdfjGzE1BKkKxnbxemEVUIzbRidOnyilB+pKwN3edAjTZtWdpVA0V R/G/qQPmcVljtycBz4VC6SuOUYflGzLH1GZ6GJWbuDtFzw8r7HGdRN1wrEPe3UF2 sMpuVezqnRUdvVRoVQP4jFgNsE7kNvtn2NiPhb/CtrxpcwIQ7r6YeoHcBSheuV1Z xZDHynC3KUprQGx1+Z9QqPrDf180MaoqAlTl4+W6Pr2NJYrVUFGS/ivYshMg574l CPU6r4wWZSKwEUXq4BInYX6z6iclp/p/J5QnJp2mAwyi6M+I13Y= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### South America (Sao Paulo) — sa-east-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K

-----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUX4Bh4MQ86Roh37VDRRX1MNOB3TcwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDQyOTE2NDYwOVoXDTI5MDQyODE2NDYwOVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCHvRjf/0kStpJ248khtIaN8qkDN3tkw4VjvA9nvPl2anJO+eIB UqPfQG09kZlwpWpmyO8bGB2RWqWxCwuB/dcnIob6w420k9WY5C0IIGtDRNauN3ku vGXkw3HEnF0EjYr0pcyWUvByWY4KswZV42X7Y7XSS13hOIcL6NLA+H94/QIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2 UTgwgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAUJdbMCBXKtvCcWdwUUizvtUF2UTihYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUX4Bh4MQ8 6Roh37VDRRX1MNOB3TcwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQBnhocfH6ZIX6F5K9+Y9V4HFk8vSaaKL5ytw/P5td1h9ej94KF3xkZ5fyjN URvGQv3kNmNJBoNarcP9I7JIMjsNPmVzqWawyCEGCZImoARxSS3Fc5EAs2PyBfcD 9nCtzMTaKO09Xyq0wqXVYn1xJsE5d5yBDsGrzaTHKjxo61+ezQ== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAMcyoxx4U0xxMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTA4MTQw ODU4MDJaGA8yMTk1MDExNzA4NTgwMlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAw45IhGZVbQcy1fHBqzROhO8CsrDzxj/WP4cRbJo/2DAnimVrCCDs5O86 FA39Zo1xsDuJHDlwMKqeXYXkJXHYbcPWc6EYYAnR+PlLG+aNSOGUzsy202S03hT0 B20hWPCqpPp39itIRhG4id6nbNRJOzLm6evHuepMAHR4/OV7hyGOiGaV/v9zqiNA pMCLhbh2xk0PO35HCVBuWt3HUjsgeks2eEsu9Ws6H3JXTCfiqp0TjyRWapM29OhA cRJfJ/d/+wBTz1fkWOZ7TF+EWRIN5ITEadlDTPnF1r8kBRuDcS/lIGFwrOOHLo4C cKoNgXkhTqDDBDu6oNBb2rS0K+sz3QIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQUqBy7D847Ya/w321Dfr+rBJGsGTwwgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AUqBy7 D847Ya/w321Dfr+rBJGsGTyhYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAMcyoxx4U0xxMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C

AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBACOoWSBf7b9AlcNrl4lr3QWWSc7k90/tUZal PlT0G3Obl2x9T/ZiBsQpbUvs0lfotG0XqGVVHcIxF38EbVwbw9KJGXbGSCJSEJkW vGCtc/jYMHXfhx67Szmftm/MTYNvnzsyQQ3v8y3Rdah+xe1NPdpFrwmfL6xe3pFF cY33KdHA/3PNLdn9CaEsHmcmj3ctaaXLFIzZhQyyjtsrgGfTLvXeXRokktvsLDS/ YgKedQ+jFjzVJqgr4NjfY/Wt7/8kbbdhzaqlB5pCPjLLzv0zp/XmO6k+JvOePOGh JzGk5t1QrSju+MqNPFk3+1O7o910Vrhqw1QRB0gr1ExrviLbyfU= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### AWS GovCloud (US-East) — us-gov-east-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIULVyrqjjwZ461qelPCiShB1KCCj4wDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDUwNzE1MjIzNloXDTI5MDUwNjE1MjIzNlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCpohwYUVPH9I7Vbkb3WMe/JB0Y/bmfVj3VpcK445YBRO9K80al esjgBc2tAX4KYg4Lht4EBKccLHTzaNi51YEGX1aLNrSmxhz1+WtzNLNUsyY3zD9z

vwX/3k1+JB2dRA+m+Cpwx4mjzZyAeQtHtegVaAytkmqtxQrSCexBxvqRqQIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQU1ZXneBYnPvYXkHVlVjg7918V gE8wgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAU1ZXneBYnPvYXkHVlVjg7918VgE+hYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IULVyrqjjw Z461qelPCiShB1KCCj4wEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQBfAL/YZv0y3zmVbXjyxQCsDloeDCJjFKIu3ameEckeIWJbST9LMto0zViZ puIAf05x6GQiEqfBMk+YMxJfcTmJB4Ebaj4egFlslJPSHyC2xuydHlr3B04INOH5 Z2oCM68u6GGbj0jZjg7GJonkReG9N72kDva/ukwZKgq8zErQVQ== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJALPB6hxFhay8MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xODA0MTAx MjMyNDlaGA8yMTk3MDkxMzEyMzI0OVowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAva9xsI9237KYb/SPWmeCVzi7giKNron8hoRDwlwwMC9+uHPd53UxzKLb pTgtJWAPkZVxEdl2Gdhwr3SULoKcKmkqE6ltVFrVuPT33La1UufguT9k8ZDDuO9C hQNHUdSVEuVrK3bLjaSsMOS7Uxmnn7lYT990IReowvnBNBsBlcabfQTBV04xfUG0 /m0XUiUFjOxDBqbNzkEIblW7vK7ydSJtFMSljga54UAVXibQt9EAIF7B8k9l2iLa mu9yEjyQy+ZQICTuAvPUEWe6va2CHVY9gYQLA31/zU0VBKZPTNExjaqK4j8bKs1/ 7dOV1so39sIGBz21cUBec1o+yCS5SwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQBt hO2W/Lm+Nk0qsXW6mqQFsAou0cASc/vtGNCyBfoFNX6aKXsVCHxq2aq2TUKWENs+ mKmYu1lZVhBOmLshyllh3RRoL3Ohp3jCwXytkWQ7ElcGjDzNGc0FArzB8xFyQNdK MNvXDi/ErzgrHGSpcvmGHiOhMf3UzChMWbIr6udoDlMbSIO7+8F+jUJkh4Xl1lKb YeN5fsLZp7T/6YvbFSPpmbn1YoE2vKtuGKxObRrhU3h4JHdp1Zel1pZ6lh5iM0ec SD11SximGIYCjfZpRqI3q50mbxCd7ckULz+UUPwLrfOds4VrVVSj+x0ZdY19Plv2 9shw5ez6Cn7E3IfzqNHO -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### AWS GovCloud (US-West) — us-gov-west-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC7TCCAq0CCQCWukjZ5V4aZzAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAeFw0xMjAxMDUxMjU2MTJaFw0z

ODAxMDUxMjU2MTJaMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9u IFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNl cnZpY2VzIExMQzCCAbcwggEsBgcqhkjOOAQBMIIBHwKBgQCjkvcS2bb1VQ4yt/5e ih5OO6kK/n1Lzllr7D8ZwtQP8fOEpp5E2ng+D6Ud1Z1gYipr58Kj3nssSNpI6bX3 VyIQzK7wLclnd/YozqNNmgIyZecN7EglK9ITHJLP+x8FtUpt3QbyYXJdmVMegN6P hviYt5JH/nYl4hh3Pa1HJdskgQIVALVJ3ER11+Ko4tP6nwvHwh6+ERYRAoGBAI1j k+tkqMVHuAFcvAGKocTgsjJem6/5qomzJuKDmbJNu9Qxw3rAotXau8Qe+MBcJl/U hhy1KHVpCGl9fueQ2s6IL0CaO/buycU1CiYQk40KNHCcHfNiZbdlx1E9rpUp7bnF lRa2v1ntMX3caRVDdbtPEWmdxSCYsYFDk4mZrOLBA4GEAAKBgEbmeve5f8LIE/Gf MNmP9CM5eovQOGx5ho8WqD+aTebs+k2tn92BBPqeZqpWRa5P/+jrdKml1qx4llHW MXrs3IgIb6+hUIB+S8dz8/mmO0bpr76RoZVCXYab2CZedFut7qc3WUH9+EUAH5mw vSeDCOUMYQR7R9LINYwouHIziqQYMAkGByqGSM44BAMDLwAwLAIUWXBlk40xTwSw 7HX32MxXYruse9ACFBNGmdX2ZBrVNGrN9N2f6ROk0k9K -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDITCCAoqgAwIBAgIUe5wGF3jfb7lUHzvDxmM/ktGCLwwwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL BQAwXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAO BgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExD MB4XDTI0MDUwNzE3MzAzMloXDTI5MDUwNjE3MzAzMlowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMx GTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAe BgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUA A4GNADCBiQKBgQCpohwYUVPH9I7Vbkb3WMe/JB0Y/bmfVj3VpcK445YBRO9K80al esjgBc2tAX4KYg4Lht4EBKccLHTzaNi51YEGX1aLNrSmxhz1+WtzNLNUsyY3zD9z vwX/3k1+JB2dRA+m+Cpwx4mjzZyAeQtHtegVaAytkmqtxQrSCexBxvqRqQIDAQAB o4HfMIHcMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAdBgNVHQ4EFgQU1ZXneBYnPvYXkHVlVjg7918V gE8wgZkGA1UdIwSBkTCBjoAU1ZXneBYnPvYXkHVlVjg7918VgE+hYKReMFwxCzAJ BgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdT ZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IUe5wGF3jf b7lUHzvDxmM/ktGCLwwwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsF AAOBgQCbTdpx1Iob9SwUReY4exMnlwQlmkTLyA8tYGWzchCJOJJEPfsW0ryy1A0H YIuvyUty3rJdp9ib8h3GZR71BkZnNddHhy06kPs4p8ewF8+d8OWtOJQcI+ZnFfG4 KyM4rUsBrljpG2aOCm12iACEyrvgJJrS8VZwUDZS6mZEnn/lhA== -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIDOzCCAiOgAwIBAgIJANCOF0Q6ohnuMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0xNTA5MTAx

OTQyNDdaGA8yMTk1MDIxMzE5NDI0N1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAzIcGTzNqie3f1olrrqcfzGfbymSM2QfbTzDIOG6xXXeFrCDAmOq0wUhi 3fRCuoeHlKOWAPu76B9os71+zgF22dIDEVkpqHCjBrGzDQZXXUwOzhm+PmBUI8Z1 qvbVD4ZYhjCujWWzrsX6Z4yEK7PEFjtf4M4W8euw0RmiNwjy+knIFa+VxK6aQv94 lW98URFP2fD84xedHp6ozZlr3+RZSIFZsOiyxYsgiwTbesRMI0Y7LnkKGCIHQ/XJ OwSISWaCddbu59BZeADnyhl4f+pWaSQpQQ1DpXvZAVBYvCH97J1oAxLfH8xcwgSQ /se3wtn095VBt5b7qTVjOvy6vKZazwIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQA/ S8+a9csfASkdtQUOLsBynAbsBCH9Gykq2m8JS7YE4TGvqlpnWehz78rFTzQwmz4D fwq8byPkl6DjdF9utqZ0JUo/Fxelxom0h6oievtBlSkmZJNbgc2WYm1zi6ptViup Y+4S2+vWZyg/X1PXD7wyRWuETmykk73uEyeWFBYKCHWsO9sI+62O4Vf8Jkuj/cie 1NSJX8fkervfLrZSHBYhxLbL+actVEo00tiyZz8GnhgWx5faCY38D/k4Y/j5Vz99 7lUX/+fWHT3+lTL8ZZK7fOQWh6NQpI0wTP9KtWqfOUwMIbgFQPoxkP00TWRmdmPz WOwTObEf9ouTnjG9OZ20 -----END CERTIFICATE-----
### AWS European Sovereign Cloud — eusc-de-east-1 DSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIC8DCCAq8CCQDyckpYH0omIDAJBgcqhkjOOAQDMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkw FwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYD VQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDEwMTgwOTM5MzdaGA8y MDUwMTAxOTA5MzkzN1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgTEFdhc2hpbmd0 b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0FtYXpvbiBXZWIg U2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBtzCCASsGByqGSM44BAEwggEeAoGBAJR1zx7FzSGhXd3m U1PfwH33QEK4CHnFSnp/DUse0SdLwsvLkHw7Tq3M7IX4E+TZ6OzYZZeoVZttqbyq OZ8ROUS7CzDWcQ0503de/ya51cTs4BiO4nv2awm1WEoV9XtQyA2JLn0Jv7g2uja0 317krS+Dk3kjs9RpWvkmiyTMu1YhAhUA69U+A26BWLVpNIZZ0uWMZJSNlIkCgYBw w1cgrHFGEqJNhqN7Sjs2YwTP+jpp1GvhxKyce5aOh5ErVvufb5gVVoKahrrHEBms TrBXxnfcPaTupwdmEZ9eM8a+9RS2vye//KU1kGIOMgafPEzBEXs9m7okmAQpYXnG cVOTtx2gd/E/VfKRiMSAmam178qwvcbcijNqRdLjRQOBhQACgYEAiEFVGYVCntmy va8c2oU5/owdMws+NZ6u9blat0ymPr/8Q+DR77CgUPJW+K0k41GdgWpVlrsjiiPw iygzw4DW7Vsl018KcIFUTiSwpzv2in+tKNUkO5Ly0q6arbSxrXZffYe7aOZKtCCH XWDMKOH2iCvZptMpG7fDDSc7Be8v4AgwCQYHKoZIzjgEAwMwADAtAhQyvCF3q437 RvdPXMFcMc6qrD0svAIVAMvsN3NwOY4KRYlFv9Dnok8D/ixI -----END CERTIFICATE-----

RSA -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIICNjCCAZ+gAwIBAgIJAPybReXZqUSNMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNDEwMTgw OTM5MzdaGA8yMjA0MDMyNDA5MzkzN1owXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIGfMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUAA4GNADCBiQKB gQDShbskmohorgcjN7gfApw89CEsg7praCDggaUVXF6gy9JdJ5INcv7+DkwKaAxd NQWDsWZnxIOqPuPfyAYVP3D2/exP3Rfxj31UomLduu7S83zgiJ8VVL/GzlDELv5/ K2rTcd+580NjLSa6FYDcXDip2ir6TXxRYBYHP65dwniE+wIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3 DQEBCwUAA4GBAKu9t3CAtZt7c+k4bCZlmxrwgps1668p24x7QRmLxgXnwj5A2MOM qEtxA9Q3q3WxUc0nWKaCTvRrTfWW917xsLcvVL8rI6xCjg2bb5FJ73xzcfSxHr9I Q1mThJgLaWVIblllGJK7+EogR7gfqlPhc0Ql5bYuaozdt+r69xNuJlyR -----END CERTIFICATE----- RSA-2048 -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIEEjCCAvqgAwIBAgIJAODRxRi5VXBbMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFwxCzAJBgNV BAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBXYXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0 dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQzAgFw0yNTAyMjEx MjQ0MTRaGA8yMjA0MDcyODEyNDQxNFowXDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxGTAXBgNVBAgT EFdhc2hpbmd0b24gU3RhdGUxEDAOBgNVBAcTB1NlYXR0bGUxIDAeBgNVBAoTF0Ft YXpvbiBXZWIgU2VydmljZXMgTExDMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB CgKCAQEAr24OkDrpRU1ffx1PAcHZbKu7fZkhfT/e/PDhSkp2FvOzJEqDUT23E2wp K/44mhJ3d8blYtgBiRXjqRsAFu8ZbzXLc0gaQ9A5woxfx5b7iOMwneCajS9xS5qr cE0MMEY9XwG8MCp9YBoDJqDJh74oQqcPROBq16L4k2Ys22n1khus4JpwT7VSRE1I nnt7fGIYsUmNGM+T2E6ubG3FvkY0HbLvNCcGRMCnDYqloo2BthuSG58KbMAku7VD hMxzzJte5yMuRpHBojQr9N0hZcSJCtSFo6FhlxCzxGzwoSKzqm99ULYL4lf+IORe DaKoATZJvbnX0LYAKLtPr1Pz9SD9pQIDAQABo4HUMIHRMAsGA1UdDwQEAwIHgDAd BgNVHQ4EFgQUHpdxehvJwYL2o25SXyxsSndDW48wgY4GA1UdIwSBhjCBg4AUHpdx ehvJwYL2o25SXyxsSndDW4+hYKReMFwxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMRkwFwYDVQQIExBX YXNoaW5ndG9uIFN0YXRlMRAwDgYDVQQHEwdTZWF0dGxlMSAwHgYDVQQKExdBbWF6 b24gV2ViIFNlcnZpY2VzIExMQ4IJAODRxRi5VXBbMBIGA1UdEwEB/wQIMAYBAf8C AQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQADggEBAFGcArNlGB3oRBaXohpnhrnVblhJJa6U7r1/ M5TAJCKCkziSz3lOZmZZ1YgSnQC1blhUD2rhuS8a0Mw1Ml48nLjIYMMK0tkJRKCD LPxxEZp4EzogYj6PqfSubzm59MmBenIcJPaJ9y2uY1U4Q3PMfU6M1JqqQ0Lzplq0 n9eWpJK3+7UbtuyAzigO4DRWEBMxJBUU7f2LfY+qFjskoeHopX20cmn1vc1TGyAF Qf8xdt1SaPKC26zJsrCkiMZJNm4aa8KqvhqBHVjV4NrGeVGCcdlmSDiL71Egk9kh 744eGQxNnhZNvePW2kVcSuh0HpAo4Q4vfpjN+jz2Ves3kjFsrgc= -----END CERTIFICATE-----
