# Amazon EC2 instance network bandwidth

Source: apps/user-manuals/aws/ec2-ug.pdf

---

PowerShell To delete a network interface Use the Remove-EC2NetworkInterface cmdlet.
Remove-EC2NetworkInterface -NetworkInterfaceId eni-1234567890abcdef0
# Amazon EC2 instance network bandwidth Instance bandwidth specifications apply to both inbound and outbound traffic for the instance.
For example, if an instance specifies up to 10 Gbps of bandwidth, that means it has up to 10 Gbps of bandwidth for inbound traffic and, simultaneously, up to 10 Gbps for outbound traffic. The network bandwidth that's available to an EC2 instance depends on several factors, as follows.
Multi-flow traffic Bandwidth for multi-flow traffic is limited to 50% of the available bandwidth for traffic that goes through an internet gateway or a local gateway for instances with 32 or more vCPUs, or 5 Gbps, whichever is larger. For instances with fewer than 32 vCPUs, bandwidth is limited to 5 Gbps.
Single-flow traffic Bandwidth for single-flow traffic is limited to 5 Gbps when instances are not in the same cluster placement group. To reduce latency and increase single-flow bandwidth, try one of the following:
- Use a cluster placement group to achieve up to 10 Gbps bandwidth for instances within the same placement group.
- Set up multiple paths between two endpoints to achieve higher bandwidth with Multipath TCP (MPTCP).
- Configure ENA Express for eligible instances within the same Availability Zone to achieve up to 25 Gbps between those instances.
Note A single-flow is considered a unique 5-tuple TCP or UDP flow. For other protocols following the IP header, such as GRE or IPsec, the 3 tuple of source IP, destination IP, and next protocol is used to define a flow.

## Available instance bandwidth The available network bandwidth of an instance depends on the number of vCPUs that it has.
For example, an m5.8xlarge instance has 32 vCPUs and 10 Gbps network bandwidth, and an m5.16xlarge instance has 64 vCPUs and 20 Gbps network bandwidth. However, instances might not achieve this bandwidth; for example, if they exceed network allowances at the instance level, such as packet per second or number of tracked connections. How much of the available bandwidth the traffic can utilize depends on the number of vCPUs and the destination. For example, an m5.16xlarge instance has 64 vCPUs, so traffic to another instance in the Region can utilize the full bandwidth available (20 Gbps). However, traffic that goes through an internet gateway or a local gateway can utilize only 50% of the bandwidth available (10 Gbps).
Typically, instances with 16 vCPUs or fewer (size 4xlarge and smaller) are documented as having "up to" a specified bandwidth; for example, "up to 10 Gbps". These instances have a baseline bandwidth. To meet additional demand, they can use a network I/O credit mechanism to burst beyond their baseline bandwidth. Instances can use burst bandwidth for a limited time, typically from 5 to 60 minutes, depending on the instance size.
An instance receives the maximum number of network I/O credits at launch. If the instance exhausts its network I/O credits, it returns to its baseline bandwidth. A running instance earns network I/O credits whenever it uses less network bandwidth than its baseline bandwidth. A stopped instance does not earn network I/O credits. Instance burst is on a best effort basis, even when the instance has credits available, as burst bandwidth is a shared resource.
There are separate network I/O credit buckets for inbound and outbound traffic.
Base and burst network performance The Amazon EC2 Instance Types Guide describes the network performance for each instance type, plus the baseline network bandwidth available for instances that can use burst bandwidth. For more information, see the following:
- Network specifications – General purpose
- Network specifications – Compute optimized
- Network specifications – Memory optimized
- Network specifications – Storage optimized
- Network specifications – Accelerated computing
- Network specifications – High-performance computing

- Network specifications – Previous generation Alternatively, you can use a command line tool to get this information. The Amazon EC2 console does not display the baseline network bandwidth of an instance type.
AWS CLI You can use the describe-instance-types command to display information about an instance type. The following example displays network performance information for all C5 instances. aws ec2 describe-instance-types \ --filters "Name=instance-type,Values=c5.*" \ --query "InstanceTypes[].[InstanceType, NetworkInfo.NetworkPerformance, NetworkInfo.NetworkCards[0].BaselineBandwidthInGbps] | sort_by(@,&[2])" \ --output table The following is example output. If your output is missing the baseline bandwidth, update to the latest version of the AWS CLI.
---------------------------------------------
|           DescribeInstanceTypes           | +--------------+--------------------+-------+
|  c5.large    |  Up to 10 Gigabit  |  0.75 |
|  c5.xlarge   |  Up to 10 Gigabit  |  1.25 |
|  c5.2xlarge  |  Up to 10 Gigabit  |  2.5  |
|  c5.4xlarge  |  Up to 10 Gigabit  |  5.0  |
|  c5.9xlarge  |  12 Gigabit        |  12.0 |
|  c5.12xlarge |  12 Gigabit        |  12.0 |
|  c5.18xlarge |  25 Gigabit        |  25.0 |
|  c5.24xlarge |  25 Gigabit        |  25.0 |
|  c5.metal    |  25 Gigabit        |  25.0 | +--------------+--------------------+-------+ PowerShell You can use the Get-EC2InstanceType PowerShell command to display information about an instance type. The following example displays network performance information for all C5 instances.
Get-EC2InstanceType -Filter @{Name = "instance-type"; Values = "c5.*" } | `

    Select-Object `
    InstanceType, @{Name = 'NetworkPerformance'; Expression = {($_.Networkinfo.NetworkCards.NetworkPerformance)}}, @{Name = 'BaselineBandwidthInGbps'; Expression = {($_.Networkinfo.NetworkCards.BaselineBandwidthInGbps)}} | `
Format-Table -AutoSize The following is example output.
InstanceType NetworkPerformance BaselineBandwidthInGbps ------------ ------------------ ----------------------- c5.4xlarge   Up to 10 Gigabit                      5.00 c5.xlarge    Up to 10 Gigabit                      1.25 c5.12xlarge  12 Gigabit                           12.00 c5.9xlarge   12 Gigabit                           12.00 c5.24xlarge  25 Gigabit                           25.00 c5.metal     25 Gigabit                           25.00 c5.2xlarge   Up to 10 Gigabit                      2.50 c5.large     Up to 10 Gigabit                      0.75 c5.18xlarge  25 Gigabit                           25.00
## EC2 instance bandwidth weighting configuration Some instance types support configurable bandwidth weighting, where you can select baseline bandwidth weighting that favors either network processing or EBS operations. Default settings for baseline bandwidth are determined by your instance type. You can configure the bandwidth weighting during launch, or modify your instance settings with the following weighting preferences:
- default – This option uses the standard bandwidth configuration for your instance type.
- vpc-1 – This option increases the baseline bandwidth available for networking and decreases the baseline bandwidth for EBS operations.
- ebs-1 – This option increases the baseline bandwidth available for EBS operations, and decreases the baseline bandwidth for networking.
### Bandwidth weighting considerations The following are some considerations that might affect your bandwidth weighting strategy.

- Setting bandwidth weighting preferences only affects bandwidth specifications. The network packets per second (PPS) and EBS input/output operations per second (IOPS) specifications don't change.
- The combined bandwidth specification between networking and EBS does not change. When you select a bandwidth weighting configuration, the baseline bandwidth available for the selected option increases, and the baseline bandwidth for the remaining option is reduced by the same absolute amount. For all instances except Flex instances, the available burst bandwidth remains the same for your selected option, and is reduced for the remaining option. For Flex instances up to 4xlarge, burst bandwidth remains unchanged. For Flex instances 8xlarge and larger, burst bandwidth increases by the same amount as the baseline bandwidth.
- It's important to understand how changes in bandwidth allocation can affect I/O performance for EBS. For EC2 instances that have vpc-1 configuration (increased networking bandwidth), you might experience lower IOPS for EBS volumes if you reach the EBS bandwidth limit before you've reached the IOPS limit. This is more noticeable with larger I/O sizes.
For example, on an instance type that normally supports 240,000 IOPS with 16 KiB I/O size, if you select vpc-1 weighting, that might reduce the achievable IOPS due to the adjusted EBS baseline bandwidth limit.
When planning your workload, consider your I/O size and patterns. Smaller I/O sizes are less likely to be affected by bandwidth limitations, while larger I/O sizes or sequential workloads might see more impact from bandwidth changes. Always test your specific workload to ensure optimal performance with your chosen configuration.
- The networking multi-flow bandwidth specification for traffic that goes through an internet gateway or a local gateway is adjusted to 50% of the baseline bandwidth of the configured option or 5 Gbps, where applicable. For more information, see Amazon EC2 instance network bandwidth.
The following example is based on an instance type that has a default baseline bandwidth of 40 Gbps, and a default border bandwidth of 20 Gbps. If you choose vpc-1 bandwidth weighting for this instance, the weighted baseline bandwidth changes to 50 Gbps, and the border bandwidth changes to 25 Gbps.
- This feature is available in all commercial regions, aligned with EC2 instance availablilty and support.
- This feature adds no additional cost to your EC2 instance.

### Supported instance types for bandwidth weighting Instance types in the following instance families support configurable bandwidth weighting.
- General purpose: M8a, M8g, M8gd, M8i, M8id, M8i-flex
- Compute optimized: C8a, C8g, C8gd, C8i, C8id, C8i-flex
- Memory optimized: R8a, R8g, R8gd, R8i, R8id, R8i-flex, X8g, X8aedz, X8i
### Check current bandwidth settings To see the current bandwidth settings for your instance, select one of the tabs for instructions.
Console To get the bandwidth setting for an instance
1. Open the Amazon EC2 console at https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/.
2. In the navigation pane, choose Instances.
3. Select the instance that you want to check from the list, and navigate to the Networking tab. Your current setting is shown in the Configured bandwidth field. Amazon EC2 uses default settings for your instance type if the bandwidth is not set to a specific value.
AWS CLI To get the bandwidth setting for an instance Use the describe-instances command. aws ec2 describe-instances \ --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0 \ --query Reservations[].Instances[].NetworkPerformanceOptions.BandwidthWeighting \ --output text The following is example output. default

This example lists all of your instances that have the bandwidth weighting preference set to vpc-1, for higher networking bandwidth. aws ec2 describe-instances \ --filters "Name=network-performance-options.bandwidth-weighting,Values=vpc-1" \ --query Reservations[].Instances[].InstanceId \ --output text PowerShell To get the bandwidth setting for an instance Use the Get-EC2Instance cmdlet.
(Get-EC2Instance `
    - InstanceId i-1234567890abcdef0).Instances.NetworkPerformanceOptions.BandwidthWeighting.Value The following is example output. default This example lists all of your instances that have the bandwidth weighting preference set to vpc-1, for higher networking bandwidth.
(Get-EC2Instance `
    -Filter @{Name="network-performance-options.bandwidth- weighting";Values="vpc-1"}).Instances.InstanceId
### Configure bandwidth weighting for your instance You can configure bandwidth weighting either at launch or by modifying existing instances from the EC2 console, API/SDKs or CLI.
#### Configure bandwidth weighting when you launch an instance To configure bandwidth settings when you launch an instance, select one of the tabs for instructions.
You can also specify bandwidth weighting in a launch template. To create a launch template, see Create an Amazon EC2 launch template. The parameter to set is in the same location as it is for

launching an instance directly from the console. Expand the Advanced details section, and set the Instance bandwidth configuration.
To launch an instance with your launch template, see Launch EC2 instances using a launch template.
Console To launch an instance with configurable bandwidth weighting
1. Open the Amazon EC2 console at https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/.
2. In the navigation pane, choose Instances.
3. Choose Launch instances. This opens the Launch an instance dialog. There are several additional ways that you can get to the launch dialog, depending on your preference.
For example, you can launch an instance directly from an AMI or from the Amazon EC2 dashboard itself.
4. The Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that you launch from must be based on Arm architecture. Many Quick Start images support both x86 and Arm architectures, After you choose the operating system for your instance, select the Arm option from the Architecture list.
5. The instance type must be one of the Supported instance types for this feature.
6. When you expand the Advanced details section, you can scroll down to find the Instance bandwidth configuration settings. Select the bandwidth configuration option for your instance.
7. Configure all of the other settings for your instance as you normally would, and choose Launch instance.
AWS CLI To launch an instance with configurable bandwidth weighting Use the run-instances command with the following option to launch instances that are configured for higher network bandwidth weighting.
--network-performance-options BandwidthWeighting=vpc-1 Use the run-instances command with the following option to launch instances that are configured for higher EBS bandwidth weighting.

--network-performance-options BandwidthWeighting=ebs-1 PowerShell To launch an instance with configurable bandwidth weighting Use the New-EC2Instance cmdlet with the following parameter to launch instances that are configured for higher network bandwidth weighting.
-NetworkPerformanceOptions_BandwidthWeighting vpc-1 Use the New-EC2Instance cmdlet with the following parameter to launch instances that are configured for higher EBS bandwidth weighting.
-NetworkPerformanceOptions_BandwidthWeighting ebs-1
#### Update bandwidth weighting for an existing instance To update bandwidth weighting for an existing instance, your instance must be in the Stopped state.
Console To update bandwidth weighting
1. Open the Amazon EC2 console at https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/.
2. In the navigation pane, choose Instances.
3. Select the instance that you want to update from the list.
4. Before you change the bandwidth configuration, your instance must be in a Stopped state.
If your instance is running, select Stop instance from the Instance state menu.
5. Choose Manage bandwidth from the Actions > Networking menu. This opens the Manage bandwidth dialog.
Note If your instance type doesn't support configuration for bandwidth weighting, that menu item is disabled.

6. Select the option to update your instance, and choose Change to save your settings.
AWS CLI To update bandwidth weighting Use the modify-instance-network-performance-options command to configure higher network bandwidth weighting for the specified instance. aws ec2 modify-instance-network-performance-options \ --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0 \ --bandwidth-weighting=vpc-1 The following example configures higher EBS bandwidth weighting for the specified instance. aws ec2 modify-instance-network-performance-options \ --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0 \ --bandwidth-weighting=ebs-1 PowerShell To update bandwidth weighting Use the Edit-EC2InstanceNetworkPerformanceOption cmdlet to configure higher network bandwidth weighting for the specified instance.
Edit-EC2InstanceNetworkPerformanceOption `
    -InstanceId i-1234567890abcdef0 `
    -BandwidthWeighting vpc-1 The following example configures higher EBS bandwidth weighting for the specified instance.
Edit-EC2InstanceNetworkPerformanceOption `
    -InstanceId i-1234567890abcdef0 `
    -BandwidthWeighting ebs-1
### Networking performance The following table shows the networking performance, in Gbps, that can be achieved with the default, vpc-1, and ebs-1 configurations.

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) c8a.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.438 / 10.0 c8a.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0 c8a.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 c8a.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 c8a.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 c8a.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 c8a.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 c8a.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 c8a.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 c8a.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 c8a.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 c8a.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 c8g.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.441 / 10.0 c8g.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.171 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0 c8g.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 c8g.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 c8g.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 c8g.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 c8g.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) c8g.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 c8g.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 c8g.48xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 c8g.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 c8g.metal-48xl 50.0 62.5 40.0 c8gd.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.441 / 10.0 c8gd.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.171 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0 c8gd.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 c8gd.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 c8gd.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 c8gd.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 c8gd.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 c8gd.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 c8gd.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 c8gd.48xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 c8gd.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 c8gd.metal-48xl 50.0 62.5 40.0 c8i.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0 c8i.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) c8i.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 c8i.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 c8i.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 c8i.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 c8i.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 c8i.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 c8i.32xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 c8i.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 c8i.96xlarge 100.0 125.0 80.0 c8i.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 c8i.metal-96xl 100.0 125.0 80.0 c8id.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0 c8id.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 c8id.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 c8id.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 c8id.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 c8id.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 c8id.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 c8id.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) c8id.32xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 c8id.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 c8id.96xlarge 100.0 125.0 80.0 c8id.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 c8id.metal-96xl 100.0 125.0 80.0 c8i-flex.large 0.468 / 12.5 0.585 / 12.5 0.389 / 10.0 c8i-flex.xlarge 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0 c8i-flex.2xlarge 1.875 / 15.0 2.344 / 15.0 1.562 / 12.5 c8i-flex.4xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 c8i-flex.8xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 18.75 6.25 / 12.5 c8i-flex.12xlarge 11.25 / 22.5 14.063 / 28.125 9.375 / 18.75 c8i-flex.16xlarge 15.0 / 30.0 18.75 / 37.5 12.5 / 25.0 m8a.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.438 / 10.0 m8a.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0 m8a.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 m8a.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 m8a.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 m8a.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 m8a.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) m8a.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 m8a.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 m8a.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 m8a.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 m8a.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 m8g.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.441 / 10.0 m8g.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.171 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0 m8g.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 m8g.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 m8g.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 m8g.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 m8g.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 m8g.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 m8g.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 m8g.48xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 m8g.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 m8g.metal-48xl 50.0 62.5 40.0 m8gd.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.441 / 10.0 m8gd.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.171 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) m8gd.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 m8gd.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 m8gd.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 m8gd.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 m8gd.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 m8gd.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 m8gd.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 m8gd.48xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 m8gd.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 m8gd.metal-48xl 50.0 62.5 40.0 m8i.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0 m8i.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 m8i.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 m8i.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 m8i.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 m8i.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 m8i.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 m8i.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 m8i.32xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) m8i.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 m8i.96xlarge 100.0 125.0 80.0 m8i.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 m8i.metal-96xl 100.0 125.0 80.0 m8id.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0 m8id.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 m8id.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 m8id.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 m8id.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 m8id.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 m8id.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 m8id.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 m8id.32xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 m8id.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 m8id.96xlarge 100.0 125.0 80.0 m8id.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 m8id.metal-96xl 100.0 125.0 80.0 m8i-flex.large 0.468 / 12.5 0.585 / 12.5 0.389 / 10.0 m8i-flex.xlarge 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) m8i-flex.2xlarge 1.875 / 15.0 2.344 / 15.0 1.562 / 12.5 m8i-flex.4xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 m8i-flex.8xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 18.75 6.25 / 12.5 m8i-flex.12xlarge 11.25 / 22.5 14.063 / 28.125 9.375 / 18.75 m8i-flex.16xlarge 15.0 / 30.0 18.75 / 37.5 12.5 / 25.0 r8a.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.438 / 10.0 r8a.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0 r8a.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 r8a.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 r8a.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 r8a.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 r8a.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 r8a.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 r8a.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 r8a.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 r8a.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 r8a.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 r8g.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.441 / 10.0 r8g.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.171 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) r8g.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 r8g.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 r8g.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 r8g.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 r8g.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 r8g.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 r8g.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 r8g.48xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 r8g.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 r8g.metal-48xl 50.0 62.5 40.0 r8gd.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.441 / 10.0 r8gd.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.171 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0 r8gd.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 r8gd.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 r8gd.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 r8gd.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 r8gd.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 r8gd.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 r8gd.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) r8gd.48xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 r8gd.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 r8gd.metal-48xl 50.0 62.5 40.0 r8i.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0 r8i.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 r8i.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 r8i.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 r8i.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 r8i.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 r8i.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 r8i.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 r8i.32xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 r8i.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 r8i.96xlarge 100.0 125.0 80.0 r8i.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 r8i.metal-96xl 100.0 125.0 80.0 r8id.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0 r8id.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 r8id.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) r8id.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 r8id.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 r8id.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 r8id.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 r8id.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 r8id.32xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 r8id.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 r8id.96xlarge 100.0 125.0 80.0 r8id.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 r8id.metal-96xl 100.0 125.0 80.0 r8i-flex.large 0.468 / 12.5 0.585 / 12.5 0.389 / 10.0 r8i-flex.xlarge 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0 r8i-flex.2xlarge 1.875 / 15.0 2.344 / 15.0 1.562 / 12.5 r8i-flex.4xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 r8i-flex.8xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 18.75 6.25 / 12.5 r8i-flex.12xlarge 11.25 / 22.5 14.063 / 28.125 9.375 / 18.75 r8i-flex.16xlarge 15.0 / 30.0 18.75 / 37.5 12.5 / 25.0 x8g.medium 0.52 / 12.5 0.65 / 12.5 0.441 / 10.0 x8g.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.171 / 12.5 0.779 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) x8g.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 x8g.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 x8g.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 x8g.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 x8g.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 x8g.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 x8g.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 x8g.48xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 x8g.metal-24xl 40.0 50.0 32.5 x8g.metal-48xl 50.0 62.5 40.0 x8aedz.large 1.562 / 18.75 1.953 / 18.75 1.249 / 15.0 x8aedz.xlarge 3.125 / 18.75 3.907 / 18.75 2.5 / 15.0 x8aedz.3xlarge 9.375 / 18.75 11.719 / 18.75 7.5 / 15.0 x8aedz.6xlarge 18.75 23.438 15.0 x8aedz.12xlarge 37.5 46.875 30.0 x8aedz.24xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 x8aedz.metal-12xl 37.5 46.875 30.0 x8aedz.metal-24xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 x8i.large 0.937 / 12.5 1.172 / 12.5 0.774 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) x8i.xlarge 1.875 / 12.5 2.344 / 12.5 1.562 / 10.0 x8i.2xlarge 3.75 / 15.0 4.688 / 15.0 3.125 / 12.5 x8i.4xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 9.375 / 15.0 6.25 / 12.5 x8i.8xlarge 15.0 18.75 12.5 x8i.12xlarge 22.5 28.125 18.75 x8i.16xlarge 30.0 37.5 25.0 x8i.24xlarge 40.0 50.0 32.5 x8i.32xlarge 50.0 62.5 40.0 x8i.48xlarge 75.0 93.75 60.0 x8i.64xlarge 80.0 100.0 62.5 x8i.96xlarge 100.0 125.0 80.0 x8i.metal-48xl 75.0 93.75 60.0 x8i.metal-96xl 100.0 125.0 80.0
### Amazon EBS performance The following table shows the Amazon EBS performance, in Gbps, that can be achieved with the default, vpc-1, and ebs-1 configurations.

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) c8a.medium 0.325 / 10.0 0.195 / 6.25 0.407 / 10.0 c8a.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0 c8a.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 c8a.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 c8a.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 c8a.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 c8a.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 c8a.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 c8a.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 c8a.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 c8a.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 c8a.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 c8g.medium 0.315 / 10.0 0.185 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 c8g.large 0.63 / 10.0 0.396 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0 c8g.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 c8g.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 c8g.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 c8g.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 c8g.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) c8g.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 c8g.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 c8g.48xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 c8g.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 c8g.metal-48xl 40.0 27.5 50.0 c8gd.medium 0.315 / 10.0 0.185 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 c8gd.large 0.63 / 10.0 0.396 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0 c8gd.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 c8gd.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 c8gd.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 c8gd.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 c8gd.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 c8gd.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 c8gd.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 c8gd.48xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 c8gd.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 c8gd.metal-48xl 40.0 27.5 50.0 c8i.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0 c8i.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) c8i.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 c8i.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 c8i.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 c8i.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 c8i.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 c8i.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 c8i.32xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 c8i.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 c8i.96xlarge 80.0 55.0 100.0 c8i.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 c8i.metal-96xl 80.0 55.0 100.0 c8id.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0 c8id.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 c8id.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 c8id.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 c8id.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 c8id.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 c8id.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 c8id.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) c8id.32xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 c8id.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 c8id.96xlarge 80.0 55.0 100.0 c8id.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 c8id.metal-96xl 80.0 55.0 100.0 c8i-flex.large 0.315 / 10.0 0.198 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 c8i-flex.xlarge 0.63 / 10.0 0.395 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0 c8i-flex.2xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 c8i-flex.4xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 c8i-flex.8xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 12.5 c8i-flex.12xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 4.687 / 9.375 9.375 / 18.75 c8i-flex.16xlarge 10.0 / 20.0 6.25 / 12.5 12.5 / 25.0 m8a.medium 0.325 / 10.0 0.195 / 6.25 0.407 / 10.0 m8a.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0 m8a.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 m8a.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 m8a.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 m8a.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 m8a.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) m8a.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 m8a.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 m8a.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 m8a.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 m8a.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 m8g.medium 0.315 / 10.0 0.185 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 m8g.large 0.63 / 10.0 0.396 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0 m8g.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 m8g.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 m8g.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 m8g.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 m8g.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 m8g.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 m8g.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 m8g.48xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 m8g.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 m8g.metal-48xl 40.0 27.5 50.0 m8gd.medium 0.315 / 10.0 0.185 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 m8gd.large 0.63 / 10.0 0.396 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) m8gd.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 m8gd.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 m8gd.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 m8gd.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 m8gd.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 m8gd.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 m8gd.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 m8gd.48xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 m8gd.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 m8gd.metal-48xl 40.0 27.5 50.0 m8i.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0 m8i.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 m8i.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 m8i.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 m8i.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 m8i.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 m8i.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 m8i.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 m8i.32xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) m8i.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 m8i.96xlarge 80.0 55.0 100.0 m8i.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 m8i.metal-96xl 80.0 55.0 100.0 m8id.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0 m8id.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 m8id.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 m8id.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 m8id.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 m8id.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 m8id.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 m8id.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 m8id.32xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 m8id.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 m8id.96xlarge 80.0 55.0 100.0 m8id.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 m8id.metal-96xl 80.0 55.0 100.0 m8i-flex.large 0.315 / 10.0 0.198 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 m8i-flex.xlarge 0.63 / 10.0 0.395 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) m8i-flex.2xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 m8i-flex.4xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 m8i-flex.8xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 12.5 m8i-flex.12xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 4.687 / 9.375 9.375 / 18.75 m8i-flex.16xlarge 10.0 / 20.0 6.25 / 12.5 12.5 / 25.0 r8a.medium 0.325 / 10.0 0.195 / 6.25 0.407 / 10.0 r8a.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0 r8a.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 r8a.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 r8a.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 r8a.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 r8a.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 r8a.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 r8a.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 r8a.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 r8a.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 r8a.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 r8g.medium 0.315 / 10.0 0.185 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 r8g.large 0.63 / 10.0 0.396 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) r8g.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 r8g.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 r8g.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 r8g.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 r8g.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 r8g.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 r8g.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 r8g.48xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 r8g.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 r8g.metal-48xl 40.0 27.5 50.0 r8gd.medium 0.315 / 10.0 0.185 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 r8gd.large 0.63 / 10.0 0.396 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0 r8gd.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 r8gd.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 r8gd.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 r8gd.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 r8gd.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 r8gd.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 r8gd.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) r8gd.48xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 r8gd.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 r8gd.metal-48xl 40.0 27.5 50.0 r8i.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0 r8i.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 r8i.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 r8i.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 r8i.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 r8i.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 r8i.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 r8i.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 r8i.32xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 r8i.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 r8i.96xlarge 80.0 55.0 100.0 r8i.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 r8i.metal-96xl 80.0 55.0 100.0 r8id.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0 r8id.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 r8id.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) r8id.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 r8id.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 r8id.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 r8id.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 r8id.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 r8id.32xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 r8id.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 r8id.96xlarge 80.0 55.0 100.0 r8id.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 r8id.metal-96xl 80.0 55.0 100.0 r8i-flex.large 0.315 / 10.0 0.198 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 r8i-flex.xlarge 0.63 / 10.0 0.395 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0 r8i-flex.2xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 r8i-flex.4xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 r8i-flex.8xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 12.5 r8i-flex.12xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 4.687 / 9.375 9.375 / 18.75 r8i-flex.16xlarge 10.0 / 20.0 6.25 / 12.5 12.5 / 25.0 x8g.medium 0.315 / 10.0 0.185 / 6.25 0.394 / 10.0 x8g.large 0.63 / 10.0 0.396 / 6.25 0.788 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) x8g.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 x8g.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 x8g.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 x8g.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 x8g.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 x8g.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 x8g.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 x8g.48xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 x8g.metal-24xl 30.0 20.0 37.5 x8g.metal-48xl 40.0 27.5 50.0 x8aedz.large 1.25 / 15.0 0.859 / 10.312 1.563 / 15.0 x8aedz.xlarge 2.5 / 15.0 1.718 / 10.312 3.125 / 15.0 x8aedz.3xlarge 7.5 / 15.0 5.156 / 10.312 9.375 / 15.0 x8aedz.6xlarge 15.0 10.312 18.75 x8aedz.12xlarge 30.0 20.625 37.5 x8aedz.24xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 x8aedz.metal-12xl 30.0 20.625 37.5 x8aedz.metal-24xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 x8i.large 0.65 / 10.0 0.415 / 6.25 0.813 / 10.0

Instance type default (Baseline / Burst) vpc-1 (Baseline / Burst) ebs-1 (Baseline / Burst) x8i.xlarge 1.25 / 10.0 0.781 / 6.25 1.563 / 10.0 x8i.2xlarge 2.5 / 10.0 1.562 / 6.25 3.125 / 10.0 x8i.4xlarge 5.0 / 10.0 3.125 / 6.25 6.25 / 10.0 x8i.8xlarge 10.0 6.25 12.5 x8i.12xlarge 15.0 9.375 18.75 x8i.16xlarge 20.0 12.5 25.0 x8i.24xlarge 30.0 20.0 37.5 x8i.32xlarge 40.0 27.5 50.0 x8i.48xlarge 60.0 41.25 75.0 x8i.64xlarge 70.0 50.0 87.5 x8i.96xlarge 80.0 55.0 100.0 x8i.metal-48xl 60.0 41.25 75.0 x8i.metal-96xl 80.0 55.0 100.0
## Monitor instance bandwidth You can use CloudWatch metrics to monitor instance network bandwidth and the packets sent and received. You can use the network performance metrics provided by the Elastic Network Adapter (ENA) driver to monitor when traffic exceeds the network allowances that Amazon EC2 defines at the instance level.
You can configure whether Amazon EC2 sends metric data for the instance to CloudWatch using one-minute periods or five-minute periods. It is possible that the network performance metrics would show that an allowance was exceeded and packets were dropped while the CloudWatch
