# About Student Emails

Source: https://support.joinhandshake.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035456473-About-Student-Emails

---

Handshake sends emails to students for a variety of different reasons and purposes!

Click on the expandable headers to learn more about each of the different email types.

**Activation Emails**

Activation emails are used to introduce Handshake to students who haven't logged in before. These emails are strategically timed, and share details about the value of a Handshake account, and in some cases, include major-based job recommendations as well.

All activation emails are sent from “noreply@joinhandshake.com”.

As email designs may vary per institution type, refer to the articles below for email examples:

- [Student Emails: Activation Email Campaigns](https://support.joinhandshake.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052319913) (for 4-year institutions)
- [Student Emails: Community College Activation Campaigns](https://support.joinhandshake.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034978354) (for Community and technical colleges)

**Notifications Emails**

Notification emails are triggered by activity on the Handshake platform. Students have control over whether they receive these or not. Students have the option to opt into/out of these emails within their Notification Preferences.

Notification emails are sent from “notifications.joinhandshake.com”, except for Event and Career Fair invitations — those are sent from “mail.joinhandshake.com”.

For more information on notification emails, refer to  [Student Emails: Optional Notifications](https://support.joinhandshake.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035471493).

**Transactional Emails**

Transactional emails are triggered directly by student activity on the Handshake platform. The emails come from the domain “m.joinhandshake.com”.

For more information on transactional emails, refer to [Student Emails: Transactional Emails](https://support.joinhandshake.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035485713).

**Virtual Fair Emails**

Virtual fair emails are automatically generated to students after they have registered for a virtual fair in Handshake and based on subsequent activity, such as cancellation or signing up for session. Emails come from the domain “g.joinhandshake.com”.

For more information on virtual fair emails, refer to [Student Emails: Virtual Fair Notifications](https://support.joinhandshake.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052073953).

**Marketing Emails**

Marketing emails are automatically generated to students after they've activated their Handshake account. These emails are used to encourage students to fil out their profiles, view jobs, and apply for jobs on Handshake!

All marketing email comes from the domain “g.joinhandshake.com”.

For more information on marketing emails, refer to [Student Emails: Marketing Emails](https://support.joinhandshake.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035485753).

**Engagement Emails**

Engagement emails (also known as Job recommendation digests) are generated to students based on their career interests and job search activity in Handshake.

If a student hasn't been active for 27 days on the platform, Handshake will send a re-engagement email with a list of dynamic jobs and event recommendations (if available).

**Note**: if your institution has opted out of marketing emails, students won't receive these emails.

Engagement emails are sent from the domain “g.joinhandshake.com”.

For more information on job recommendation digests, refer to [Student Emails: Job Recommendation Digests](https://support.joinhandshake.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034996994).

**Targeted Emails**

Targeted emails are created and generated by Institutions on Handshake. The content is unique to each Career Services team that composes these.

These emails are sent from the domain “mail.joinhandshake.com”.

If you're interested in creating a Targeted email for students at your institution, refer to [Creating and Sending Targeted Emails](https://support.joinhandshake.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008403834).