# Monitor .NET and SQL Server applications using CloudWatch Application Insights

Source: apps/user-manuals/aws/ec2-ug.pdf

---

    "eventType": "AwsApiCall", "recipientAccountId": "0987654321"
} If you have configured your AWS account to collect CloudTrail events in an S3 bucket, you can download and audit the information programmatically. For more information, see Getting and viewing your CloudTrail log files in the AWS CloudTrail User Guide.
# Monitor .NET and SQL Server applications using CloudWatch Application Insights Application Insights CloudWatch Application Insights helps you monitor your .NET and SQL Server applications that use Amazon EC2 instances along with other AWS application resources. It identifies and sets up key metrics logs and alarms across your application resources and technology stack (for example, your Microsoft SQL Server database, web (IIS) and application servers, OS, load balancers, and queues).
It continuously monitors the metrics and logs to detect and correlate anomalies and errors. When errors and anomalies are detected, Application Insights generates events that you can use to set up notifications or take actions. To aid with troubleshooting, it creates automated dashboards for the detected problems, which include correlated metric anomalies and log errors, along with additional insights to point you to the potential root cause. The automated dashboards help you to take swift remedial actions to keep your applications healthy and to prevent impact to the end users of your application.
Information provided about detected problems:
- A short summary of the problem
- The start time and date of the problem
- The problem severity: High/Medium/Low
- The status of the detected problem: In‐progress/Resolved
- Insights: Automatically generated insights on the detected problem and possible root cause
- Feedback on insights: Feedback you have provided about the usefulness of the insights generated by CloudWatch Application Insights for .NET and SQL Server
- Related observations: A detailed view of the metric anomalies and error snippets of relevant logs related to the problem across various application components
