# Change a site's subdomain

Source: https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/33237655531287-Change-a-site-s-subdomain

---

Who can use this feature

Available on [all paid plans](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040328273)

Requires edit access to the file

By default, Figma hosts published sites on a randomly generated `figma.site` subdomain. After publishing, you can choose a custom subdomain that better reflects your site’s identity.

Custom subdomains must meet the following requirements:

- Maximum 63 characters
- Only lowercase letters (a–z), digits (0–9), and hyphens (-)
- Must starts and end with a letter or digit
- No profanity or impersonation of Figma customers
- Must be unique and not in use by another site hosted by Figma.

## Change a site’s subdomain

Your site will be accessible at the new subdomain immediately after you update it.

1. From the site file, click  **Settings** in the left navigation bar.
2. Click  **Domains** in the left sidebar.
3. Click **Edit domain**.
4. Enter a new subdomain and press **Save**.

**Caution**: Once you change the subdomain, any previous subdomains—whether autogenerated or custom—will no longer work.

## Frequently asked questions

**Can I restore a previous subdomain?**

You can’t restore a previous subdomain, but you may be able to switch back to it if it’s still available.

**Can I remove a custom subdomain if I don’t want to use it any more?**

Yes. You can generate a new random subdomain if you no longer want to use your custom one:

1. From the site file, click  **Settings** in the left navigation bar.
2. Click  **Domains** in the left sidebar.
3. Click **Edit domain**.
4. Click  **Generate a new subdomain** and press **Save**.

**Tip:** You can also [unpublish your site](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/31242845959703) if you don’t want it to be available on the web any more.